['mrbrown makes coffee on a sunday afternoon. today, we try the colombia finca mallorca yellow bourbon beans from liberty coffee in a moka pot. and also kenya kiriga beans by the caffeine peddler in a v60 drip.', 'it is day 64 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. we are both tired out from a day at the hospital but tgif...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 63 of  phase 2...pork grilled with sesame seeds, tofu, chicken bone soup with cuttlefish balls, and lotsa veggies...thursday, .', 'it is day 63 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom went to the cpf board and was not happy with how one old lady was treated...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 62 of  phase 2...mom is over for dinner. she brought the soup and fish. we made prawns in laksa sauce, korean fried chicken wings, some fried pork, leftover seaweed wrap from lunch, and lotsa veggies...wednesday, .', "it is day 62 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me stories of my grandfather's cooking adventures...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'it is day 61 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom paid her respects to her erincipal, miss tan, who passed away at 102. miss tan helped her become a teacher, and mom was most grateful to serve under her for 20 years...tuesday, ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'when youve been mostly home for so many months, getting a coffee outside is a precious moment of bliss.', 'dinner for day 61 of  phase 2...western food night. spaghetti with meatballs, freezepak nuggets, random veggies, and fries (not in photo)...cup of coffee made from liftcoffeesg las mercedes beans (antioquia, colombia) is mine...tuesday, .', 'dinner for day 60 of  phase 2...fishball and cuttlefish ball soup, otak-otak, roasted chicken drumsticks, and colourful cauliflower with broccoli, and other veggies...monday, .', 'it is day 60 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and i discuss the subtleties of packet sauces and seasoning. when you are home-bound, even finding chicken powder is exciting...monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'type i really miss life before covid-19 but then let your autocomplete predict the rest...mine: i really miss life before covid-19 but now is the season to start a new game and i will not lose my mind when i get home this year and i am happy to see the morning and i am happy to have a great time with my family and friends who have given me a lot...sounds about right.', 'it is day 59 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me about all the  can notonese travel shows she watched over the weekend since we all  can not travel...sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'hey guys. there is a fake fb account impersonating me. please help me report it. thanks. its trying to lure followers with a fake prize to phish for info...the profile url is ', 'it is day 58 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. eleven minutes in my household on a saturday night...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 58 of  phase 2...dinner at moms. scallops with xiao nai bai, see yao gai (soy sauce chicken), minced meat with tofu, fried wantons, fried fish, fried towgay, black sauce pork belly, and black bean soup...saturday, .', 'it is day 57 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom has a long day of fasting for her checkup and wolfed down a ton of food at dinner...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', ' breakfast today. chicken wraps and kenya kiriga coffee.', ' i am so done buying lousy usb-c cables and annoyed with the lack of consistency in the world of usb-c cables...mrbrown.com.the confusing world of usb-c cables', 'it is day 56 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is a bit tired from a day at the temple and market, settling stuff for the coming seventh month. bonus track: isaac singing his new original song, two is a crowd...youtube lyric video for the song: ..thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 56 of  phase 2...omelette, soup, otak-otak, soy sauce chicken, and lotsa veggies...thursday, .', 'perks of working from home: homemade brunches and ownself drip coffee. ..(sorry, i was hungry this morning, and bit into the hotdog before remembering to take the photo.)', ' it is day 55 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. discussing deep matters of life and death with my mom tonight. and whether she enjoyed our seafood sahng meen...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 55 of  phase 2...mom is here for dinner and she brought her soup and koo lou yoke for faith. we had seafood sang meen, fried chicken wings, steamed fish, and lotsa veggies...wednesday, .', 'dinner for day 54 of  phase 2...fishball soup (with chicken meatballs), steamed salmon, fried wantons, homemade char siew, and lotsa veggies. special appearance by pigs trotter in black vinegar, donated by mom, for my wife and auntie to eat...tuesday, .', 'it is day 54 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me about her outing to jewel with my niece, and i tell mom about my bus ride with her other big granddaughter, faith. looks like we all had fun outings...tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huats 2020 mood. ..    ', 'mrbrowns 2020 mood. ..    ', "it is day 53 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom got home from a dinner at din tai fung in nex. she felt kam's roast restaurant was better...monday, ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 53 of  phase 2...such a relief to be eating home-cooked food again. corn and carrot soup, pork adobo, some prawns in sweet and sour sauce, and lotsa veggies. faith got started on her pumpkin first...monday, .', 'it is day 52 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom on the national day show she found boring, and stories of old chinatown and toa payoh...sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'after a long lockdown, kim huat takes advantage of the national day long weekend to go on a short holiday...a production of ', 'it is day 51 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me how much orchard road has changed for her and her adventures as an scgs teacher in the heart of orchard road, and as a student in mgs at mount sophia...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 51 of  phase 2...moms place. soup, steamed fish, fried chicken, sweet and sour pork, prawns in wasabi sauce, stir-fried brinjal  and mixed veggies. dessert: hagen-dazs ice-cream (because it was on sale)...saturday, .', 'it is day 50 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom reflects on how quickly time flies as her grandkids are now so big suddenly...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'hey hey hey! national day long weekend, yall! who is tompanging leave to enjoy a nice long holiday staying in hotel villa de stay-at-home?..', 'dinner for day 49 of  phase 2...steak day!   ..take-home soup pack clam chowder from soup spoon, asparagus, white corn and portobello mushrooms from the wet market this morning...thursday, .', 'it is day 49 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. telling mom we are no longer the meat eaters we used to be since our diets changed during circuit breaker...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "it is day 48 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. stories of mom's honeymoon in japan, and discussing the eensive char siew mom sent us today...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", "dinner for day 48 of  phase 2...char siew/siew yoke and duck from mom's outing today, and we cooked fried wantons, fried ikan kuning, otak otak, old cucumber soup, and lotsa veggies...wednesday, .", 'kim huat goes out to look for the lost mps of jurong grc.', ' it is day 47 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. the coming hiroshima 75th anniversary reminds mom of the dark time when japanese soldiers came to her family store when she was a mere baby...tuesday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 47 of  phase 2...mom sends some fried ikan kuning over and from our own kitchen, we had fishball soup, a steamed pomfret, prawns in spicy sauce, fried chicken wings, and lotsa veggies...tuesday, .', 'it is day 46 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me about her school trip adventures when she used to take students to malacca...monday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'thanks all for joining and participating in the dbs live simpler live event. we hope you have enjoyed learning how to use digibank. dbs will be republishing some of their favourite comments from the live event. also, stand to win s$100 ntuc evouchers by sharing how digibank helps you to live simpler: .', 'going live soon on fb at 8pm! see you soon!', 'happy monday to you all. ok, it is now safe to speak to me. ive had my coffee...(reminder: 8pm tonight. livestream. come one, come all.)', 'you know youve been in lockdown mode for too long when even a supermarket run is an event. i know we are in phase 2 now but i still have a  mindset. and seeing my small haul makes me happy. hahaha!', "it is day 45 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. a short call with mom who was sleepy already. she is surprised i watched jet li's once upon a time in china parts 1 and 2 before...sunday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 43 of  phase 2...dinner at moms. ladys fingers, steamed fish, homemade fishcake made from tofu fish wrapped with egg, a big tray of mixed veggies like mini corn, mushrooms and the homemade fishcake, koo lo yoke, mini fried chicken bits, and bak kut teh soup...saturday, .', 'it is day 44 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom was sleepy so i ended up chatting with the son about his recent eerience watching a movie at the cinema. we also chatted about transformers (he is a huge fan), from the old 1989 movie to the current netflix series to t. warningontain spoilers to transformers: war for cybertron trilogy: siege...saturday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'app are notly this useless officer is on netflix at the moment ..wow. 2013. seven years ago', 'mrbrown makes coffee on a saturday afternoon of a long weekend. today, i am using ethiopian yirgacheffe misty valley from lift coffee.', 'it is day 43 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and i share what we ate for dinner because it is no cooking friday...friday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 43 of  phase 2. its dabao friday in our household!..on benjamin miyagi lees recommendation, i ordered ramen from takagi ramen...we ordered the takagi ramen for mommy and joy, karakamen for auntie, and chashu donburi for faith. i had the black tonkotsu ramen. we also had a side of gyoza, edamame and takoyaki. verdict: good value for money and tasty food...isaac went out with friends so he had his own macs dinner outside...friday, .', 'my coffee-to-sandwich ratio needs work. ', 'it is day 42 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom gets a little scolding from me for missing dinner with us after her mahjong session...thursday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 42 of  phase 2...lotus soup, skinless pork longganisa (a filipino dish), chicken stew, steamed pomfret, sabah crooked long beans with japanese pumpkin and other veggies...mom was supposed to join us but she was late from mahjong. faith ate earlier while we waited for mom in vain. haha!..thursday, .', 'kim huat reminder day! i will be going live on my facebook on at 8pm. come support me and learn how to live simpler by using digibank app. we have ntuc evouchers to win as well. see you on monday, 3rd of, 8pm!', 'dinner for day 41 of  phase 2...yam soup, fried chicken wings, corn beef fried with egg, and lotsa veggies...wednesday, .', 'it is day 41 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. chatting with mom about staycations and her old school trips to the uk with her students...wednesday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 40 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. caught up with mom and traded hospital stories of sgh clocktower and ttsh pavilion wards...tuessday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 40 of  phase 2...cream of chicken soup, otak-otak, fried wantons, soy sauce chicken bought by mom, and lotsa veggies...faith ate earlier because she was hungry, and because the wife and i came home only by 7pm...tuesday, .', 'want to learn how to do mobile banking like a pro? let kim huat, singapore nuuuuuumber one digibank fan, teach you! join me for a facebook live session on at 8pm, learn how to use digibank app and stand a chance to win some ntuc evouchers worth s$100...', 'it is day 39 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. a small technical hiccup with my recording with mom, so i thought i would share a song by the two younger ones instead. pardon the bits in the song the youngest should not have sung. we had a small conversation about it already...monday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 39 of  phase 2...fried rice, fishball soup, sliced pork, a giant unagi ive had in the freezer for a while, and lotsa veggies...monday, .', 'if you want to take the family for a learning journey, kim huat has an itinerary you can adapt from!..take a trip around singapore to learn the story of the many cultures that have contributed to the building of our country. kim huat marvels at our ability to bridge cultural differences and work together with people who may think differently from us...more than ever, these are important skills for us to ..[this video was filmed before circuit breaker measures were put in place. please observe safe distancing, mask-wearing, and all the current measures necessary to beat covid-19. stay safe, everyone!]', 'it is day 38 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. catching up with miyagi on spies and what we are doing next week...sunday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 37 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. the son is playing the ps4 and the youngest is watching youtube in the living room, as i call mom for a short chat after we came back home from her place for dinner...saturday ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 37 of  phase 2...dinner at moms today. fried chicken and assam fish. yeaaaah...saturday, .', 'finally on the plane and taking off soon. life is good......', 'it is day 36 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom had a blast at lunch, and makes me hungry for dimsum at 11pm...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'today i felt like i was working 24/7..[posted 24/7/2020]', 'it is day 35 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me stories of her family cook cooking for 30 people every day, and also, i chat briefly with mr busy miyagi...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 35 of  phase 2...corn and potato soup, koo lo yoke, some cod, chinese sausage, and lotsa veggies. mom dropped by later with some pineapple rice too...thursday, .', 'it is day 34 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom sharing her dinner outing with my youngest brother and where she bought her laksa paste...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 34 of  phase 2...chicken chop with lemon sauce on the side, chili fishball soup, otak-otak, dou miao , pumpkin, and some other green i  can not remember. and some freshly pickled young ginger...the youngest was on an outing, the middle child had online cca, and faith was so hungry she ate earlier. so it was just the three adults in the house for dinner...wednesday, .', 'dinner for day 33 of  phase 2...colourful cauliflower, sukiyaki pork, yam and tomato soup, and lotsa veggies. leftover bkt sides from the weekend too...tuesday, .', 'it is day 33 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom gives her two cents about the hdb ethnic integration policy and also laments the loss of dialects...tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'got questions about mobile banking? join kim huat, singapore number one digibank fan, on monday, , 2020, 8pm, live on facebook, and learn how to use digibank like a pro! got ntuc evouchers to win! leave your questions in comments, and uncle will answer them too. see you monday, 3rd of!', 'dinner for day 32 of  phase 2...otak-otak, braised pork belly, small omelette, baked beans with potatoes for faith, and lotsa veggies.  can not remember what the soup was, but it was yummy...monday, .', 'somebody give her a map and tell her where singapore is, please?  ', 'it is day 32 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. dropped in on mom to help her with some tech...monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'some of us start a little slower, and have different interests at different stages. what matters is taking these interests and aptitudes into account when deciding the next step in our education journeys. kim huat shares the story of his journey.....[this video was filmed before covid-19. please observe safe distancing, mask-wearing, and all the current measures necessary to beat this coronavirus, ok?]..starring: mrbrown,c nair, derrick chew, isaac lee, and mom.', 'it is day 31 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is sleepy after a long sunday and i had a little chat with the son just before his bedtime...sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 31 of  phase 2...beetroot soup, loin pork fried in self-rising flour, fried snapper in tomato sauce, broccoli, ladys finger in belacan, and prawns in leek...not in photo: hainanese potato, carrot and chicken stew...all cooked by my mom...sunday, .', 'one does not simply walk into mordor due to the pandemic...hossan leong.at 08:48 ..nobody puts baby in a corner...due to the pandemic - dirty dancin', 'it is day 30 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. wow, a whole month of phase 2 already. telling mom about my blur sotong day and mom telling me about the wonders of cordyceps...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 30 of  phase 2...fried wantons are baaaack, fresh cod from the market, grilled chicken wings and lotsa veggies. and leftover bkt from yesterday...saturday, .', "it is day 29 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. talking about mom's pets from her younger days and bak kut teh...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'day 29 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mrbrown makes coffee on a friday afternoon today, i am brewing a colombia finca mallorca yellow bourbon washed from liberty coffee.', 'mrbrowns  mini movie reviews: greyhound on apple tv+ was soooooo good. war movie fans will love it. it is short but what a tense 90 minutes! the tension kicks in fast, and it wastes no time getting to the story. tom hanks is engaging as a newbie captain in a battle of wits with u-boats...the jargon may throw you off a little if youre not a naval nut, but the movie always tried to elain what is going on in laymans terms too. it is fictional but the battle of the atlantic was real...oh, if possible, watch it with a good sound system. dolby atmos or dolby 5:1. the sea really feels like its around you...now i want to read the book it is based on, the good shepherd by c.s. forester...', 'dinner for day 28 of  phase 2...gu lo yoke, some chicken, and veggies (the colourful cauliflower is baaaaack). and cream of chicken soup...thursday, .', 'it is day 28 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and i discuss the recent corruption cases in the town councils...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', ' it is day 27 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me a story about my ah kong and his phone answering shenanigans...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 27 of  phase 2...homemade chicken rice today, with a fresh kampung chicken from the wet market, and some mini-omelettes, xiao nai bai (baby bok choy) and baby kailan. tasted so good that the wife and i had seconds for the rice...wednesday, .', 'kim huat scores the winners and losers in the critical exam...a production of ', 'it is day 26 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom has a new show to watch and some complaints about our stuff still in her house...tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'mrbrowns  mini movie reviews: the old guard was not brilliant but it was a watchable action netflix thing. did not make me pui chow nua like 6 underground...took a while to build up. action was nice. villain was cookie cutter. id like to see more quynh. sequel is very likely. charlize theron is an action flick goddess. please show more of her past in the next movie. i also want to see more of her axe...middle part of the movie a little too much eosition. its so obviously a setup for a franchise and a sequel. it felt more like a tv series pilot than a full-on movie...i bet the graphic novel was better. the last book of the sequel is out, i think...other stuff im watching now or soon: warrior nun and apple tv+s greyhound...also fun was the great, on hulu, about catherine the great... ', 'dinner for day 25 of  phase 2...old cucumber soup, little pork bits that look like chai tow kuay, otak-otak, pumpkin with minced pork (for faith), leftover egg from lunch, and lotsa veggies...monday, .', 'it is day 25 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. short chat with a sleepy mom, and some singing moments with my youngest. have a happy monday, you all...monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'my chinese language brain took over.', "it is day 24 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. discussing the wonders of soup and mom's way of cooking. by the power of agaration. bonus track: a cover by isaac...sunday, ...link to his mv: ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 24 of  phase 2...roast chicken, noodles, tofu, and mystery herbal soup by mom. the rest we bought...sunday, .', 'dinner for day 23 of  phase 2...pork chop, soy sauce chicken, lots of veggies and fishball soup. a little relieved that faith is eating her entire meal despite being ill...saturday, .', 'it is day 23 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is sleepy but still wants to know my day and how faith is doing. and watching the movie black panther with the two younger ones (warning: contains spoilers)...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'my years of playing risk after exams tells me that this is the next place to conquer...   ..(infographic by cna. scribbles by me.)', 'i miss returning officer yam ah mee...  ..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: the yam song (yam ah mee music video)', 'excuse me, did anyone leave a hammer at sengkang grc?..  ', 'it is day 22 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. a quick call to mom to check on how her  went... ..friday, .....anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat makes an important choice on ...   ', 'dinner for day 22 of  phase 2...ownself-make hamburger night!!!..(homemade buns too.)..friday, .', 'national duty done! queued for about 30 minutes. very smooth at our end. it also helped that we had a void deck to queue under. wife used the chop-chop thing. i used my own pen. we  did not get gloves but we were made to sanitize our hands before and after voting...  ', 'be warned. some voting areas have long queues in the hot sun. if you have old folks with you, make the right preparations or go later...your  senior citizen may change his/her mind who to vote for, by the time they reach their turn...  ', 'it is day 21 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me about her little hospital visit hiccup today...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 21 of  phase 2...chicken dish from mama, pumpkin with long beans, white bitter gourd which is really nice, with egg, stir-fried dou miao, and winter melon soup...thursday, .', 'dinner for day 20 of  phase 2...mommy is out today for dinner with friends outside. we missed her...fishball soup, sliced pork, grilled salmon and lots of veggies. some leftover pasta from lunch too...wednesday, .', 'it is day 20 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is very proud of herself today, she  did not go out at all...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'this is what gets me through the day, working from home...there is a talk to papa at your own risk before his morning coffee standing order in the home...i must have brewed almost 100g of coffee today (thats the beans, not the water haha!). it happens when you have a coffee-loving visitor...normally i just brew for the wife, auntieian, and me, twice a day. once in the morning, and once in the afternoon...i enjoy the coffee-making process more than the drinking of said coffee, i think. since my fragile body can only take this much coffee before the jitters come in, i jump at any chance i get to brew for others. just to try new things...i started learning to do this at the start of lockdown and it has been a great source of comfort and structure during my  days. the art and the science of coffee-making fascinates me...ive always been more of a tea drinker. so i guess im a late bloomer. oh look, a coffee pun. im such a geek...', 'on the day before cooling off day, kim huat shares his frustrations about ge2020...a production of ', 'dinner for day 19 of  phase 2...we had to start without mommy because she was slightly held up at work today. it was an odd feeling not to have the entire family at the dinner table...fish soup (from my mom), otak-otak, roast chicken drumsticks, and lots of veggies...tuesday, .', 'it is day 19 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom thinks singaporeans dress too casually outdoors...tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 18 of  phase 2...mama is with us for dinner once more. she brought the brinjal. we made the soup, the fish, homemade char siew, steamed egg, and lotsa veggies...monday, .', 'it is day 18 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. discussing old chinatown with mom and her views on soups as a  can notonese person...monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 17 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. giving mom a rest tonight. she was a little tired out climbing a very high overhead bridge this afternoon and also preparing food for offering. so i am sharing a very short convo i had with my youngest and something she made. hope you had a great weekend...sunday, ...[music video here:  ]..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 16 of  phase 2...dinner at a special place today. for the first time since  we gathered at my moms for dinner. something that used to take place daily but had to stop due to the lockdown. we brought our curry chicken and veggies, and mom added the soup, the fried fish and the pork belly...saturday, .', 'it is day 16 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom tells me about a sam hui thing she watched on youtube, and as a true fan of his music, got excited about the stories behind his songs. my mother watches youtube leh...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 15 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and her buying birthday cake story, and my hat story...frday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'day 15 of phase 2, and my first dine-in coffee outside my home. i am not used to going out like this. everything feels a little surreal. but it was a nice coffee and tart.', 'it is day 14 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is watching a documentary about world war one and the role of chinese in france. my mother is just a tv addict and television show sponge. i see where i got it now...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 14 of  phase 2...brussels sprouts, cherry tomatoes on a vine, japanese pumpkin, broccoli and other veggies, and some homemade siew yoke. campbells cream of chicken with half a can of meiji 4 milk in it...thursday, .', 'the look.  ', 'it is day 13 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom does not always understand my social media posts during ge. so i have to provide context...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 13 of  phase 2. we interrupt your televised  debates to bring you true bread and butter issues...today, for dinner, we had hainanese chicken stew, otak-otak, fish ball spinach soup, omelette with white japanese eggs, long beans with japanese squash/pumpkin (aka kobacha), and a host of other veggies. and a random plate of leftover luncheon meat from lunch...kor kor ate later because got online cca. mommy and auntie skipped the carbs tonight...wednesday, .', '', 'on nomination day, kim huat provides his best ideas for those standing for elections.  ..a production of ', 'it is day 12 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom complains about how late the shops open and gives her assessment of the political landscape post-nomination day...tuesday, ...p.s. yes, she meant the bukit ho swee fire...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 12 of  phase 2...fried rice from mama, lots of veggies fresh from the wet market run this morning, winter melon soup, and pork in dark sauce...tuesday, .', 'every bardeh. yeah yeah. rock your bardeh. yeah yeah... ', "it is day 11 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and i discuss carol cheng's botox job and how messy this year's elections feel...monday, ...(addendum to the podcast: the qi fruit mom was referring to is  or persimmon. and i also think the wp/ncmp remark was not made by jo teo but indranee rajah. mom was probably mistaken.)..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'today was surreal. i was the only person in the house, as i was still wfh...-the two younger teens were back in school..-faith was back in her day activity centre..-the wife had a work meeting outside..-auntie was running an errand...this was the first time in months that the home was so empty, since circuit breaker started...so i did this..hope it cheers up your monday. it certainly cheered up mine...[track by su lee: ]', 'it is day 10 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. sunday night chat with mom about her eventful day out...sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 9 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2...just sharing some thoughts today by myself. a phase 2 reflection, if you will...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "it is day 8 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom's old friends are asking her for the url of this show. i have to figure out how to give it to her. also, her unfiltered views on the new candidates coming in, and the old ones going out...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 7 of  phase 2. curry chicken, corn soup, ladys fingers, tofu with minced meat, omelette with minced pork, and lots of veggies bought fresh from the wet market this morning. we were blessed with a guest today too...thursday, .', 'it is day 7 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom and i bid farewell to departing politicians...thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 6 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. talking with mom about durian and vivian...wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 6 of  phase 2. koo lou yoku, steamed fish, lotus root soup, and some chicken drum sticks in dark sauce...wednesday, .', 'hello darkness, my old friend.i have come to talk with you again.because a durian softly creeping.left its seeds while i was sleeping..and the aura, that was planted in my brain.still remains.within the smell,.of silence...(thanks, jeremy! and  for completing the lyrics.)', 'dinner for day 5 of  phase 2. fried kumpung chicken wings, beef balls with pickled chinese stem lettuce (celtuce ), brussels sprout and a bunch of other veggies...tuesday, .', 'it is day 5 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. i finish one errand for mom, but i get scolded for not finishing another one. i  can not win. i am a failure of a son. haha!..tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'rumour has it that new pap candidates will be announced soon..(someone sent me these. and if i have to bleach my eyes, you can join me too.) ', 'here it is. mac is moving away from intel and to apples own chips...ms office, adobe cc and more importantly for me, final cut pro, will run natively on the new macs with apple silicon chips...having lived through the powerpc to intel transition back in the day, i hope this new transition is smoother...now you know when to eect the new macs: end of the year. transition will take place over two years. interestingly, tim says intel macs will still be launched and supported with macos releases. but the writing is on the wall for intel-based macs, methinks... ', 'ok. those new scribble handwriting enhancements for ipados are exciting enough for me to learn how to write with a pencil (or pencil) again.  ', 'whoa. spatial audio on airpods pro!!! wireless surround sound!!!  ', 'a bit disappointed that the new apple translate app  does not do singlish.  ', 'yay. my one annoyance with imessage addressed! now with replies and mentions!  ', 'replicating my  eerience in the darkened halls of the san jose mcenery convention center.   ', 'it is day 4 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom had dinner with us today and her grandkids were happy to see her. but she made sure to be home on time for her tv shows. we discuss fatty livers and my challenges of buying dr oetker ristorante frozen pizza for the kids...monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "dinner for day 4 of  phase 2. we had royalty over for dinner today. we had a grand time...oh, i forgot to provide a rundown. corn soup and fish in black bean sauce, homemade char siew, stir-fried mushrooms, xiao nai bai, tofu with asparagus, pumpkin with long beans, white bitter gourd with egg, leftover beef from the german father's day meal with tomatoes...monday, .", "it is day 3 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom asks what we were up to today and tells me what she had at newton hawker centre yesterday with my brother's family. and a little bonus song that my youngest sang and made into a music video for me, for  i have great kids. sniff..sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'it was sunday. i spent the day thinking of how to settle dinner for the family. what do i dabao back?be we dine-in at the zhichar stall downstairs? phase 2 can sit down already.be i order something online? avoid the crowds?..unbeknownst to me, the family had already order a huge german meal for  a plan hatched days ago. and at 6pm, it came punctually. just before i was about to go down to buy food for them. no wonder they kept stalling, and hemming and hawing, when i asked what they wanted for dinner...then the two youngest ones screened their music videos for me. and gave me their present, complete with cute wrapping...they got me good. i was totally surprised. and very very touched.you also have a blessed fathers day.', 'it is day 2 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. mom is tired out from a full day, and i catch up with miyagi on his first two days since the phase 2 reopening...saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 2 of  phase 2. colourful australian cauliflower, pork ribs, some sambal beef leftover from lunch, sauted asparagus, three different mushrooms stirred fried, broccoli with carrot, and ginseng soup from mom. the veggies were delicious and most of them were bought this morning at the wet market...saturday, .', 'pro tip: if you use the singpass ios mobile app to check-in for safeentry, you can set up siri shortcuts too. then you can stylo milo-ly say hey siri, safeentry check-in! to check-in. ..macam star trek.', 'open phone browser...close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window..close safeentry window...singpass app: am i a joke to you?', "it is day 1 of post circuit-breaker, phase 2. singapore reopens! as singapore adjusts to the new normal, we cautiously (or not, in some cases) begin going out again. people are dining in, buying stuff, going to the park, and meeting in groups of five or less. (this feels like it should scroll like a star wars intro.)..phase 1 ended earlier than we eected, and i thought of ending the show since phase 2 is already here. but again, it seems we still have things to talk about and observe...after 56 daily episodes in season 1, and 17 daily episodes in season 2, this new season of the show takes place after the end of singapore's covid-19 lockdown and the end of the first phase of reopening...mom went out too, and tells me about her dinner at my brother's. i tell her my mixed feelings going to the mall and seeing the stores open again...friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 3,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'it is day 17 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom thinks i am too much of a softie father, and we also talk about how strict my late father was. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 17 of  phase 1. last dinner of phase 1. otak-otak and some pork with tomatoes, bitter gourd with egg, and lotsa baked beans for faith. cream of chicken soup with half a can of organic valley fresh milk in it. yes, we have a lot of milk in the house...thursday, .', 'less than one and half hours to the beginning of phase 2, and kim huat has some anxiety...a production of ', 'dinner for day 16 of  phase 1. curry chicken , pork strips (that isaac polished off) and lotsa veggies. corn and potato with chinese black dates soup to finish...wednesday, .', 'it is day 16 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom and i talk about graves and eggs. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 15 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. chatting about the quality of food courts in our hospitals and my forgetful moment today. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 15 of  phase 1. fresh veggies i bought this morning at the wet market. pumpkin (with long beans) for faith, xiao nai bai for joy, bitter gourd with egg for mommy and auntie (chief chef), and fresh chili fish balls in homegrown towgay soup too. oh and that large chunk of siew yoke made from fresh belly pork. enjoy the bonus closeup photo...tuesday, .', 'well-played, ntuc fairprice. well-played. thanks for the milk!!!..for those of you who  do not know the context: ive been trying different kinds of milk with my coffee lately, since making coffee slowly became my morning ritual during circuit breaker...i posted some thoughts about it on my personal account and twitter, and readers commented with so many suggestions. it was a lot of fun to learn what others liked or disliked. who knew there were so many milk fans in singapore?..i was planning to slowly try a different brand every week but it looks like i  will not need to keep going to the supermarket for a while. haha!', 'kim huat is very excited about the phase 2 news that was announced. he would like to declare he did not receive the leaked version of the news...a production of ', 'dinner for day 14 of  phase 1. sotong in sambal sauce, some frozen satay, the last three eggs in the house went into that omelette (tomorrow ill have to buy another tray of 30), and mui choy pork belly from mom...monday, .', 'it is day 14 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom comes back from a long day at the hospital. i tell her the good news about phase 2. monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 13 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom is annoyed with me for calling her multiple times while she was on a call with her big sister, and i also have a long chat with miyagi about singapore trying to diversify our sources of supplies, the phase 2 leak, formula one, and installing smart bulbs. sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'this is what this infographic would look like without an "artist". it would just be a wall of text. even laying the info out needed a creative, to be honest. heck, you  will not have your books, movies, tv shows, music, games, or anything to keep you sane during this period.', 'it is day 12 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom laments that phase 2 does not seem to be happening earlier. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 12 of  phase 1. grilled chicken thighs, assam fish from mom, and char siew and siew yoke from toa payoh lorong 8...comfort food for a day that started out raining...saturday, .', 'it is day 11 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. it has been a long friday at work and my brain is mush. but mom seems very happy today. partly because she got to visit one of her favourite hawker centres. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 10 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. called mom to chat about faith, and taking taxis. and also to remind her about her medical appointments. we sometimes disagree about the steps forward haha! ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 10 of  phase 1. some nice fresh fish steamed, grilled pork with cucumber and tomatoes on the vine. faith started on her baked beans before we could tell her to wait. and put the spoon of beans into her mouth before we could say, into your bowl, into your bowl first! needless to say, the serving spoon was changed...yes, that is junk food soup, cream of chicken. we made it with half a can of water and half a can of greenfields fresh milk though. it tastes yummier that way. i sprinkled some ground pepper on mine...thursday, .', 'wfh + having a label printer = label all the things day.', "it is day 9 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom talks about getting fat from circuit breaker, the american civil war, and old schoolmates. a little cover by isaac at the end of the show too. ...isaac's cover: ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 9 of  phase 1. asparagus with mushrooms, lots of omelette, homegrown bean sprouts and chicken in black sauce. today, its just mommy, papa, auntie and faith eating first. isaac has his online cca and joy had a late lunch after school...wednesday, .', 'dinner for day 8 of  phase 1. gu lou yoke with fresh pork collar, some fresh kailan, the nicest broccoli and cauliflower weve eaten this year (have to ask the wet market stall what is the origins of that cauliflower, man) and fried silky tofu with minced pork. otak-otak from the provision shop and satay from fairprice. pork/yam/tomato soup...tuesday, .', 'it is day 8 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. how is everyone doing on this fine tuesday? a short chat with mom and a little something my youngest recorded inruary this year. i  do not know where she got the music track though. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', ' mrbrown tries the logitech g915 wireless keyboard..a somewhat stream-of-consciousness review of the g915...mrbrown.com.mrbrown tries the logitech g915 wireless keyboard', 'dinner for day 7 of  phase 1. fried squid, fried oatmeal prawns, grilled chicken, some leftover luncheon meat and leftover curry from lunch (leave no kampung chicken behind)...monday, .', 'it is day 7 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom is having some trouble with her cable remote, and we talk about what we really want to hear from the ministerial speeches. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'with the official end of circuit breaker, kim huat is settling into the phased opening of singapore. but still working from home...a production of ', 'it is day 6 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. sunday is a day of rest. but for mom, it is also a nancy sit show time, which i was interrupting. she did manage to give me a long lecture on gp and chinese. i also caught up wic nair on geeky podcasting stuff after that. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "it is day 5 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. it is the weekend and it is time to rest from a mad week spent at the polyclinic. mom and i also talk about my wife's first long bus ride since circuit breaker started. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'rode out to do some atm banking and to buy ice-cream for the family. it was a nice little ride.', 'dinner for day 5 of  phase 1. braised pork belly and fried chicken wings, a kid favourite. lotsa veggies, in particular the purple brussels sprouts that i bought this morning at the wet market. the fishballs are also fresh, bought this morning. shiok...saturday, .', 'it is day 4 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. tgif! the end of a crazy week but also a good time to check in on mom and talk about pizzas and the national anthem on tv. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 4 of  phase 1. today is usually our tabao friday. i usually buy the dinners for tabao says. but this time, we were blessed with this spread of pizza republic pizzas and the good beer company beers from friends. you can tell mommy was very pleased with the selection. faith still had her rice though, because she isnt much of a pizza fan...it has been a very long week, dealing with some family matters that concluded with a positive outcome today. so this meal came in a very timely fashion...thanks, cc and j for the meal!...', 'greetings earthlings! out for errands! happy to see phase 1 in post-circuit breaker! lets hope we stay the course, and open up safely! i miss hanging out with my extended family and my bffs.', 'it is day 3 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mother reflects on having three boys instead of any daughters. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 3 of  phase 1. curry chicken today, yay! and some beef, and fishball soup is back, and steamed egg. faithie gets a special fried rice of her own. .', 'it is day 2 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. mom is still excited about the tvb camping show, the pakhoben outdoor show , and remembers our own us travel cooking days...also, a long chat with miyagi about cooking, kitchens and powerpoint presentations......anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 2 of  phase 1. tomyam soup, korean stuffed peppers (gochu twigim), fried chicken, and gu lou yok. faith already started. .', 'dinner for day 1 of  the first dinner of phase 1. gyudon-style beef in sake, pig trotters in black vinegar from mom, salmon, and tomato cabbage soup. .', "it is day 1 of post circuit-breaker, phase 1. the country is opening up cautiously and mom has already received her first two visitors today from our household, faith and auntie. i check on her medical appointment tomorrow and she is excited about some hk camping show. ...after 56 daily episodes in season 1, this season of the show takes place after the end of singapore's covid-19 lockdown, as the nation opens up slowly in 3 phases...at first, i was not sure if i would continue the series after  ended but some of you told me you wanted it to go on, so here we are...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show: season 2,  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'as the sun set on last day of our lockdown, we looked out and saw a clear sky, and colours of hope and optimism.singapore stand fast, and recover stronger than ever. ', 'dinner for day 56 of  the last dinner of this lockdown, before singapore reopens tomorrow. we gave thanks for his providence and tucked in to otak-otak, hainanese chicken stew and fried wantons. .', "it is day 56 of  official last day of circuit breaker as singapore gets ready to reopen slooooooooowly. checking on mom's health and discussing yanxi palace. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", '56th day of  the last day of circuit breaker. kim huat does some self-reflection and shares some regrets...a production of ', 'it is day 55 of  talking to mom about the wildflowers of singapore that grew during the lack of gardening in lockdown, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 54 of  updating mom on family matters and checking in on her health. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 54 of  ribeye steaks for a western theme today. whoever got their steak cooked first, ate first, to ensure maximum shiokness. papa was last but thats ok. .', "it is day 53 of  checking on mom after her doctor's visit, and a chat with miyagi during my brisk walk at the park near my home. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'it is day 52 of  chatting with mom about nasi briyani, china, and trump. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 52 of  pork belly and fried rice. and for mommy and papa, hyderabad dhum biryani from mr briyani at norris road. .', "it is day 51 of  mom shares some stories of her father's chinatown days, when her family had three department stores there. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 51 of  pork ribs today, and chicken adobo, homegrown-taogay soup. .', 'dinner for day 50 of  homemade gu lou yoke (sweet and sour pork) with a side of the no-gravy version, tofu with minced pork and some veggies. the bean sprouts were homegrown. faith couldnt wait for papa to shoot his photo. .', "it is day 50 of  wow, have i done 50 daily episodes of this lockdown podcast already? i was not sure if i was going to get this far, but here we are. it has been a pleasure sharing bits and pieces of my life with you all. we still have a ways to go before we reach the so-called end of circuit breaker so there will still be daily podcasts. as for what happens after the 1st of, let's see how it goes...today i chatted with mom, and then disturbed the entire family at home. tuesday, ...song at the end of the podcast can be heard at ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 49 of  cute mini omelettes, fried kampung chicken wings, salmon, and bak kut teh soup. needs more pepper, the soup, but the ribs were lovely. .', "it is day 49 of  couldn't get through to mom's phone, had a little panic. and also a call with miyagi, recorded yesterday evening. monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", '49th day of  kim huat is looking forward to the kind of end of circuit breaker, a.k.a. phase 1...a production of ', 'public holiday wfh mode. 2020 12.9 ipad pro with the magic keyboard. loving how the scissor keys and trackpad feel, and the magic way it makes my ipad pro float...note to self: perusing instagram in landscape mode is bad for ones neck....', "it is day 48 of  chatting with mom about dementia, baking and faith's little changes at home. sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'it is day 47 of  trading travel stories with mom, stories from india and italy.. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 47 of  pork collar in black pepper sauce, and roast chicken today. love the braised lotus root with peanuts, and the broccoli/cauliflower with korean king oyster mushrooms. finished with a spinach soup. .', 'it is day 46 of  it is tabao friday, and i told mom what i bought for the fam, especially faith. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'ive been working in the bedroom, and sometimes the dining table, with my minimalist setup: an ipad pro connected wirelessly to the 2020 macbook air via sidecar, instead of being at my desk with the full-on 16-inch mbp and big display, because the wife has been in zoom meetings all week, and i  did not want to sit there while she had her meetings...its quite pleasant to work this way when i  do not need the firepower of the 16-inch mbp and my big drives....', 'it is day 45 of  oops. interrupted mom when she was watching some tvb show that i later got the name of: "flying tiger". she can be quite the tv addict. that may elain my own tv addict behavior as a child, haha! thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 45 of  homemade char siew yeaaaah. choice of brown rice or fried rice today. the kids all whacked the fried rice. faith  did not wait for us to start. and isaac went to the kitchen to get my royal chopsticks. .', 'it is day 44 of  mom got to go to chinatown for her wet marketing and was in a very good mood. i also chatted with miyagi to catch up with him. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'in case an empty mall isnt creepy enough', 'it is day 43 of  mom weighs in on the phased reopening of the country, especially the rules surrounding family visits. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 43 of  when i was at the wet market today, the cod fish called out to me. so i caved and bought a piece as a treat for the family. my wallet cried a little though. .', '42nd day of  kim huat thinks some people are beginning to slack before the circuit breaker ends...a production of ', 'it is day 42 of  mom is having a grumpy monday. monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 41 of  mom telling me about her big train adventure when she was a young lady. sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 40 of  me complaining to mom about the heat and crazy crowds out there on a saturday. and mom learning about the interview process for becoming a teacher in singapore these days. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 39 of  tgif! mom on her discovery of two ntuc fairprice supermarkets in bishan, and stories about storerooms in our hdb flats. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'the photo on the left is the young lady i dated at 19. a few years later, she drew a self-portrait for her fine arts course. we found this drawing after clearing out the storeroom in  spring-cleaning. so many memories.', 'it is day 38 of  mom telling me what she thought of brussels sprouts and malaysian politics. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 38 of  curry kampung chicken and bbq pork belly skewers today. faith gets her favourite baked beans in tomato sauce. .', 'it is day 37 of  mom trying to find some drink with limited edition gift at the supermarket today. i tried to decipher her code. also, some fun nonsense with my kids in the afternoon. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 37 of  homemade char siew and a big plate of beef that faith couldnt wait to eat. .', '37th day of  kim huat is starting to feel the strain of staying home...a production of ', 'dinner for day 36 of  fried wantons, koo lo yoke, prawns in sambal, xiao nai bai, and sambal kangkong. .', 'it is day 36 of  double call. told mom about my haircut. talked to a busy miyagi too. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'hair finally cut. no, i  did not queue, i made an appointment. and i was the only customer in the shop. very strict and proper. and i had to safeentry check-in and check-out. there was a time limit too, so you  can not do chemical work. anyways, l was out of the shop very fast. feel so free and light now. no more excessive use of hair product to keep the hair orderly. haha! ', "it is day 35 of  updating mom on what we had for dinner and the wife's little hobby. monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", "a fun little musical project i was a part of...livin' covida loca..maker records.at 210  singapore ..21 years after rickytin hip gyrated his way across the world with livin la vida loca, we are proud to present a parody of this iconic tune. written byc nair and music arranged by james lye, the song reflects the upended state of the world while making a case for everyone to stay home, mask up, and overcome  together...singers: brendon fernandez, cheryl tan yin yi, ethel yap - artist page, pandamachine, gareth fernandez,c nair & mrbrown..musicians: james lye, sikai goh, nicholas lee & ck er ..video editor nair.audio & mix engineer: eugene soh & james lye..special shoutout to audio-technica  for supporting with mics and headphones!..    ", "fun stuff. airing tonight...livin' covida loca..maker records premiered a video..at 16:50  singapore ..21 years after rickytin hip gyrated his way across the world with livin la vida loca, we are proud to present a parody of this iconic tune. written byc nair with music arranged by james lye, the song reflects the upended state of the world while making a case for everyone to stay home, mask up, and overcome  together...singers: brendon fernandez, cheryl tan yin yi, ethel yap - artist page, pandamachine, gareth fernandez,c nair & mrbrown..musicians: james lye, sikai goh, nicholas lee & ck er ..video editor nair.audio & mix engineer: eugene soh & james lye.supported by: audio-technica ..    ", 'maker records premiered a video..at 16:50  singapore ..21 years after rickytin hip gyrated his way across the world with livin la vida loca, we are proud to present a parody of this iconic tune. written byc nair with music arranged by james lye, the song reflects the upended state of the world while making a case for everyone to stay home, mask up, and overcome  together...singers: brendon fernandez, cheryl tan yin yi, ethel yap - artist page, pandamachine, gareth fernandez,c nair & mrbrown..musicians: james lye, sikai goh, nicholas lee & ck er ..video editor nair.audio & mix engineer: eugene soh & james lye.supported by: audio-technica ..    ', 'it is day 34 of  the best way to spend  is to chat with your mom. sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'the first two items are for the family. finally found some cream cheese and yeast! the latter two items are for the wife and for mom, for  ', ' to my mom, the best momma a kid and grandkid could have. and to my wife, momma to my three kiddos. even though we  can not take you both out for a big family meal like we normally do, we still cherish you!..[photos taken during cny 2020.]', 'love my work (from home). it is day 33 of  had fun working on a project for james lye ac nair. and the audio-technica  at5040 is a glorious microphone to work with too. ....', "it is day 33 of  mom bored with watching the same episode of japan hour, the third time on the same day, and eressing her views of aaron kwok as a singer. i tell her about faith's little misadventure today. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner for day 33 of  some salmon, some chicken chop, some fresh fish balls, and cute little mushrooms. .', 'it is day 32 of  chatting with mom about what we had for dinner, the return of sewing machines, and actress lin dai. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', ' epiphanies: the mask you wear is very honest about the state of your breath.', 'it is day 31 of  roped my youngest in for a call to mom, she gets a little good-natured ribbing from her grandmother. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 31 of  brussels sprouts and xiao nai bai i bought today, curry tofu, beef in black pepper sauce and soy sauce chicken. and some leftover beehoon from lunch. .', '31st day of  kim huat has been searching for some elusive items since the start of his wfh...a production of ', 'my wet market vegetable haul today. looking forward to eating them. that xiao nai bai (milk cabbage) with the flowers is the sweeter version.  ', "settling into the groove of our  life a family, helped a little by music in the house...also, a sneak peek at the sonos arc, which was just announced (nope, i  do not have one and this isn't a sponsored post)...mrbrown.com.music in the time of covid", 'it is day 30 of  catching up with mom about her granddaughter faith (who has autism), the state of religious services this month, and where to find good malay kueh kueh.. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 30 of  dou miao and spinach i bought today, and pork ribssssssss. .', 'bonus food pics for day 29 of  a new stash of lickers ice-cream, and brownies from a friend. tuesday, .', 'dinner for day 29 of  some leftover pasta from lunch on the right. .', 'it is day 29 of c nair and i catching up on nerdy and geeky work gear things, and i share a dream i had, while awake and working. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 28 of  .', 'it is day 28 of  miyagi feeling slammed by monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 27 of  chatting with mom about the thailand and russian places she saw on her  can notonese tvb channel. (update: i finally found out she was talking about nancy sit ka yin, lake baikal in russia and nakhon pathom in thailand.)..we are a family of travelers and this stuff fascinates us. wanderlust runs deep in our genes and we look forward to being able to see the world again. for now,  it is stay home, stay fed, and stay safe...sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 26 of  called mom to tell her we enjoyed her mango sticky rice, and she told us what she thought of our cinnamon buns. everyone seems to be cooking or baking. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 26 of  .', 'kim huat shares a new iphone on the 26th day of ..a production of ', 'in 10 days, we  will not be subject to this poster.', 'it is day 25 of  talking to mom about char siew, the hk protests, and the oldest survivor of the virus in singapore. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is day 24 of  comparing grocery notes with miyagi. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'tomorrow is a public holiday, guys. long weekend, yeaaaaaaah woohoo...any plans? im staying home...update: i  did not get a haircut lah. this video was done weeks ago haha! where got salon open at this period lor...media2.giphy.com.media2.giphy.com', 'it is day 23 of  telling mom about my adventures in the hawker centre. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat has made it to the 23rd day of the two-month  but he has his challenges to deal with. like his mom...a production of ', 'kim the troll.', 'day 22 of  a chat with mom. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 22 of  .', 'one of the nicest things about  is having dinner every day, with this young lady. faith has adapted well to being at home for this period. we hope she gets to go back to her day activity centre soon.  ', 'it is day 21 of  a chat with my daughter, joy, and also a little bonus track at the end. monday, ...as you know,c nair and i shared our parody of singapore\'s favourite song two days ago...then we thought,  would not it be nice to have an acoustic version? so our super-guitarist friend daniel tan helped us to record the music with his guitars...the writing of the lyrics was done remotely (icloud notes ftw!), the singing was done in my bedroom "studio", and even the guitars were recorded by daniel at his own home, because you know, we are all wfh now...ladies and gennermen, the acoustic, unplugged version of our silly song, stay at home, auntie. i hope you enjoy it...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'are you a business still collecting payment the old way? kim huat teaches you the safe and socially responsible way to be paid quickly and painlessly!.. do not forget the paynow lucky draw running from to ! 100 winners of s$100 every week, for 10 weeks! go forth and paynow!', 'day 20 of  sunday night mom call. sunday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 19 of  saturday, . mommy preparing faiths bowl...i know. so late then post. busy tonight lah.', "come, sing with us. ..(day 19 of c nair and i were inspired to write a new version of everyone's favourite song. saturday, .)", "day 19 of c nair and i were inspired to write a new version of everyone's favourite song. saturday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'day 18 of  a tired miyagi and i declare tgif. friday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'come back from buy chicken rice liao.', 'buying food.', 'dinner for day 17 of  thursday, ...curry tofu, black pepper roast chicken leg, yum.', 'day 17 of  catching up wic nair on the heat, the new normal in work, and jogging. thursday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'day 16 of  kim huat is back to report on things. wednesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for day 16 of  wednesday, ...i am strong to the finich.cause i eats me spinach!', 'day 15 of  conversation with mom about the announcements today. tuesday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat reflects on the 4-week extension of the  in this address to the nation...a production of ', 'dinner for day 14 of  monday, ...we added brown rice to our white rice. because healthy living.', 'day 14 of  random moments in the home, monday, ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat is wfh and has a video chat with his sep friend arnold, and his boss about the various budget measures to help the self-employed and businesses...note: this video was filmed at home with the help of a green screen. kim huat  will not anyhowly film outdoors one. stay safe, everybody!..a production of ', 'day 13 of  chatting with miyagi about safe distancing ambassadors, masks, and head-butters. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'day 13 of  ...there is no photo of our dinner today because chief cook deserves her day off...papa went out to buy for the family. papa was foodpapa delivery...please remember to give your family chefs rest every week. and please help out whenever you can, like setting the table and washing the dishes.  do not all let one person do. this is gonna be a long ', 'dinner for  day 12. .', 'video edition of the mrbrown wfh show ..day 12 of  my friends son, 2 years 3 months old, has a message for you in this time of covid.. ...welcome to the mrbrown wfh show podcast. i will be posting random conversations as well as reports from kim huat. this new audio series will run daily throughout the stay home period known as the circuit breaker in singapore..."circuit breaker" is singapore\'s national measure to slow the community spread of covid-19. it will end onth 2020, if it goes according to plan. for the month that it is active, singaporeans must stay at home and leave only for essential services...for more mrbrown podcasts go to:..anchor: ..spotify: ..apple podcasts: ', 'day 12 of  my friends son, 2 years 3 months old, has a message for you in this time of covid.. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'day 11 of  catching up wic nair, my mrbrown video and audio show partner-in-crime. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for  day 11. ...(sorry for the half-eaten stuff. isaac had cca and had to eat first.)', 'day 10 of  kim huat tells some mask stories. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for  day 10. .', 'kim huat teaches you the socially responsible way to pay in this era of safe distancing!.. do not forget the paynow lucky draw running from to ! 100 winners of s$100 every week, for 10 weeks! go forth and paynow!..a production of ', 'day 9 of  kim huat takes over todays episode of the daily  show. and he is late. because he is a lazy bum who is enjoying staying home too much...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner for  day 9, .', 'kim huat bumps into his neighbour while going to tabao food. and they catch up over the recent  measures, and the government payouts available to singaporeans to help tide them over this challenging period...note: this video was filmed at home with the help of a green screen and outdoor stock footage. kim huat knows better than to be filming outdoors or loitering outside. stay home, ok? and if you need to go out to get your essentials, do it fast fast then go home! and practise safe distancing!..a production of ', "day 8 of singapore's  miyagi and i talk about masks and money. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'dinner on day 7 of  home-cooked meals are one of the highlights of my day.', "day 7 of singapore's  a good late night chat with the just-as-busy wfh miyagi. ...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'kim huat shares his first  video since  kicked in. and he is learning to adjusting to life at home. (closed captions available.)..a production of ', "day 6 of singapore's  on this easter sunday night. i hijack the son's nightly guitar practice session in his room...blessed easter to you all...the peace that transcends all understanding guard your hearts and minds in this covid season...(sorry for the less-than-polished singing).....anchor.fm.he mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'day 5 of singapore\'s "circuit breaker"! i decided to rope my family into my daily show, since it is not like they are going anywhere. it was a fun chat with joy, and later isaac and a moment with faith. stay to the end of our chat for a cover played and sung by my second child, and a cover sung by my youngest one...blessings on easter eve to you all......[you can listen to isaac\'s cover at ..his channel is: ..joy\'s cover is at ..joy\'s igtv is ..thanks for dropping by.]..a production of ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dinner on day 5 of  1kg of pork belly went into that homemade roast pork, or siew yoke. yum.', 'day 4 of singapore\'s "circuit breaker"! on this good friday, my son, isaac, and i would like to share a song with you. forgive our bum notes and somewhat shaky singing. we recorded this in one take without much rehearsal, but we mean it from our hearts...have a blessed easter weekend......anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "day 3 of singapore's  a late show today because miyagi and i had long days at work. we chat about how working from home changed us. guest podcaster kim huat also weighs in with some news......anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'one of the nice things about working from home. good home-cooked food.  ..sorry for the radio silence. it has been a crazy (and hot) day at work. this is my reward. i think i earned it. later, i shall also have a sip of tea.', "the  wfh show  . day 2 of singapore's  and what do you know? we are still here!c and mrbrown catch up over the phone in the morning and kim huat makes a little cameo on the show...anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'personal moments in the time of covi sitting at the corner of my bedroom behind locked doors, sipping my freshly ground coffee, as the kids proceed with their hbl, and the wife is wfh...i will be ready to return to my  spot soon... ..media0.giphy.com.media0.giphy.com', "the  wfh show  hello from home! today is day 1 of singapore's  how is everyone doing working and studying from home? i thought i would start a new  podcast series this month to keep you all company, as we weather this storm together. meet the zoo under my roof and also a hello from benjamin miyagi lee!..here is to a fruitful and peaceful time ahead...a production of ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown wfh show  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", "circuit breaker day 1:..there's a grief that  can not be spoken,.there's a pain goes on and on..empty chairs at empty tables,.now my friends are dead and gone..here they talked of revolution,.here it was they lit the flame,.here they sang about tomorrow and tomorrow never came...from the table in the corner,.they could see a world reborn,.and they rose with voices ringing,.and i can hear them now.the very words that they have sung.became their last communion.on this lonely barricade, at dawn...oh my friends, my friends forgive me.that i live and you are gone.there's a grief that  can not be spoken,.and there's a pain goes on and on..-empty chairs at empty tables, les misrables....", '. the last day at the office before  kicks in. i packed the last of my work gear and say a little farewell to my desk and my studio. the 24-inch displays looked a little forlorn without their buddy, the 16-inch macbook pro. and the studio was deathly quiet, knowing we  will not be back till. it was also quiet because it is soundproof lah...but we all need to adjust to a new normal. hopefully this passes soon and we can pick up the pieces of our lives again. and maybe give each other a hug and a handshake once more...till then, see you all from my home. it is a little crowded in my household at the moment. but it is a picture of calm orderliness. pudding, our budgie, has never seen us home so much, and is chirping excitedly, as if asking us if we want to play...i have one special needs firstborn who  does not have her day activity centre to go to this month. one son who is starting a new course. one youngest daughter on hbl. and then the wife who is working diligently at the desk i set up for her  my soulmate who lovingly and patiently put up with a husband who just hauled half his work gear home. and a very good helper who is taking good care of us...there is some irritability, some nagging, some jostling for personal space. but there is also lots of love, joy and laughter under this roof...gosh, i hope we  do not strangle each other by day two.....', 'stepped out of the house today with the son, to visit the office on a sunday, and move some critical gear home before the 7th ofs  he has been a real champ, helping me pack video and audio gear, light stands, microphones, a backdrop, video lights and the camera rig...being home is not going to stop me from making content for you guys. so that how we ended up lugging a studios worth of stuff home...also trying out this reusable 3-ply anti-microbial, water-repellant  and it is really comfortable. gahmen  does not discourage the wearing of masks outside anymore, so we wore ours in public. i like that it  does not stink too...this is not the gahmen-given mask. and yes, i washed it...no, this is not a sponsored post...stay safe out there, people. better yet, . ...', 'in the light of the new stricter measures to curb the spread of covid-19 in singapore, as announced by pm lee, kim huat also addresses the nation...a production of ', 'welcome to dorscon circuit breaker orange.', "update: use promo code senokost30 and stack it with the code at the end of the video to get $30+$30=$60 bill rebate with 17.68c/kwh! sign up at ..kim huat teaches you how to pay less for your power bills, because why pay extra? senoko energy offers 17.68c/kwh vs sp's 24.63c/kwh...stay to the end for a little bonus...a production of ", 'photography in the age of work from home...(wife: why you share photo of our bathroom lah.)... ..', 'saw this in the lift today. probably time to take it down...', 'kim huat practises ..', 'with so many wearing masks now, does that mean beauty vloggers only need to give makeup tutorials for the top half of the face?', 'the rainy day is here...i  do not think i have ever been this emotional listening to a budget speech......', 'after we sang the song yesterday, our friend debbs said we were like a lao chek boy band liddat. so we came up with some names for our ban..1. endsync.2. boyz ii unkers.3. what direction.4. old men under the block.5. uh-ha?.6. bohzone.7. the morefats.8. 5 minutes of shh shh.9. take that, you si geena.10. backwards boys.11. 36 degrees (because cannot have fever).12. hemsem.13. big abang.14. smak.15. bto.16. super senior', 'so benjamin miyagi lee was working from home and called me at 11pm saying, "eh, jeff wrote this song, lets sing it."..so we recorded and sang this parody  song remotely, over the ingterneck and here it is...sorry ah, i was in my pajama pants and a random tee after getting home from a long day at work, so forgive me if i looked less than glamorous in this music video...if you want to sing your version, here is the link to the lyrics: ', 'from his new office, kim huat shares a message of hope...a production of ', ' measures already implemented at my downstairs kopitiam. please queue with a 1m gap and  do not crowd eateries...cooperate with eatery owners who are trying to keep their places from being a cluster. if they tell you to sit apart, or  do not have enough seats,  do not be a jerk about it...(isaac and i had just finished some spring cleaning and stopped for a drink after throwing five garbage bags of stuff. thats joys kindergarten photo we found during our cleaning.)', 'one of the good things about staying home during this  period is that we can read and also do some spring cleaning as a family...with everyone in the house, we could clear out years of junk, and ask each member of the family to decide what to throw and what to keep...this is part of my book shelf after i was done. this is my literary section. these are books i kept. some of these poets are local and some from other lands. some of these books were my secondary aior college texts...whats on your shelf?....', 'just another ultrawide day at the office.', 'we gamers be like: stay home all day? we got this, fam...weve been training for this all our lives. this is our time to shine. go forth and veg out at home!.. ..(picture an old game on a former gaming rig. i still play the game.)', 'malaysian thermometer very the powderful one. aim one person can read all the rest. must be the thermometer got ultra wide-angle lens...update: someone told me the others were pre-tested whilst waiting for him. this is done by a nurse. then when the cm comes, all those who around him would already been tested.  would not normal protocol...ok, if true, then the thermometer is not so advanced after all.', 'seen in a bowling alley..', 'this post did not age well.', 'gahmen: please social distancing. and no, we  will not run out of food...singaporeans: malaysia lockdown ah! chiong ah! kah kin go ntuc ah!!!..(eh.  do not lah. our food sources are from everywhere. no need to panic.)..', 'movies and tv shows you can watch, and games you can play, if you kena the new  14-day stay-home notice for coming back from asean countries:..movies:.1. contagion .2. shaun of the dead .3. two weeks notice .4. zombieland and zombielan double tap.5. home alone .6. safe house.7. 12 monkeys .8. cabin fever .9. resident evil series.10. panic room ..tv shows:.1. kingdom season 1 and 2.2. crash landing on you.3. terrace house.4. the walking dead.5. the last ship.6. supernatural (15 seasons).7. tiny house big living.8. homeland.9. chernobyl.10. the eanse..games:.1. fortnite.2. plague inc', 'thanks to the more than 10,000 folks who joined my livestream on lazlive! i hope you enjoyed it as much as i did sharing deals with you!..here is a link to the replay of the event: .. ', ' do not forget to tune in to kim huats first ever livestream on lazlive today at 12 noon! good deals to share! lai lai lai!!.....', 'kim huat wants to tell you about the  on from 12th to ! and he is also going live on saturday, 14th of, at 12 noon! be sure to tune in to his livestream on the lazada app, ok? got many good deals for you!....a production of ', 'happy friday, everyone. its been a mad week of work and meetings, and sometimes you just need to play with new work gear to make yourself happy...this is a falconeyes pockelite f7 led light i just bought. it has 12w output with a lux of 4060 in 0.3m, and this isnt even at full power. i think it was at 45%. im a bit of a lighting nerd...ok gotta go now. date night with wife....', 'to help those affected by the runs on toilet rolls worldwide, kim huat tries to plug the gap...a production of mrbrown.com', 'update: mr keating issued a correction: ..dear mr ronan keating, please check facts before you post ignorant nonsense like this. the ships are always queuing in singapore waters because we are the busiest port in the world after shanghai. no tankers have been blocked from docking because of  lah.....anyhowly one leh. wle...as gwee said, you say it best when you say nothing at all...andy g on twitter: i work in shipping. most of the ships are there for bunkering operations, in few hours they will be leaving and some others will take their place. few others are there waiting for the next employment, shipyard etc. at the moment, there is no bulk carrier or tanker in quarantine here.', 'kim huat waits for his bus while working on a little gift.....   ..a production of mrbrown.com', 'sunday night.. ..', 'katong shopping centre.. .......', 'kim huat reads the news in audiogram format for easier sharing...subscribe and listen to the rest of the podcasts at:.anchor: .spotify: .apple podcasts: ..a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ruary 2020...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'happy monday! i made some changes to my desk over the weekend...finally got the dual 24-inch 4k lg ultrafine displays i have been eyeing, to replace my aging 27-inch apple thunderbolt display. perfect for video editing...ideally, it should be dual 27-inch 5k lg ultrafines but my table has no more space and my wallet has no more money...in fact, the 16-inch macbook pro supports up to two 6k displays. or two 5k displays. or four 4k displays. so my setup is only half of what the 16-inch is capable of. hahahaha!..still, im a content fellow...in case youre wondering where the 16-inch macbook pro went, its tucked at one corner, in the closed position, on a vertical stand.', 'sunset on a saturday.. .......', "kim huat's friend found an old ad in a women's magazine and kim huat decided to read the entire copy of the story told. the story took a turn he did not eect...ruary 2020...a production of ....mining by moonlight by kevin macleod .licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 license.", 'instead of a train to bishan, kim huat takes the bus, a bus to bedok. kim huat meets a fellow who should kena a wee cough. or maybe at least five days off...a production of ', 'who is that third fella ah? so hemsem...don low is with josef lee and james tan..ruary at 16:56 ..in the recent 2 weeks we have heard words of many medical eerts, eerts, some common folks, celebrities and politicians who have came forward to speak to folks like us on what to do and what not to do in this time of covid-19 crisis. who do you prefer to hear my friends?...  ..edit: uploaded a new version with a higher resolution. thanks for dropping by!!', 'thou shalt not go home empty-handed even when the wife tells you for  present, nonid, nonid.', 'is this    ', 'dear, this year better  do not go out for  got coronavirus out there leh. i  did not even dare to go buy your present. lets just stay home...ya, better  do not kiss or touch also...which fancy restaurant you want to have dinner at? i go out and buy your present now.....', 'kim huat puts on his love hat and elores some gift ideas for this coming valentines day, at istudio, the largest apple premium reseller in singapore...come down to one of istudios 20 stores to find your perfect gift. you can even enjoy tax-free purchases when shopping at the four istudio stores in the singapore changi airport! or shop online at ....kim huats gift ideas for valentines day (brought to you by istudio)', ' reads the news - ruary 2020....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat takes the bus and meets a heavy shopper...a production of ', 'you know this person is desperate because he bought fairprice instant noodles, which tastes like shit. in fact, that disposable underwear probably tastes better...(wait, what is the disposable underwear for? wear as mask ah?)..   ', 'you know its a singapore zombie apocalypse when kancheong singaporeans have cleared the shelves of the most popular instant noodles and you are left with the ones nobody eats...good thing i have a 30-roll pack of toilet rolls i bought earlier this week......', 'singaporeans: "better  do not go crowded places because got ..also singaporeans: "ooh! toto $12 million draw! must queue!"', 'kim huat likes to take the bus, but  does not like meeting some of the passengers...a production of ', 'singapore, which is home to one of the busiest airports in china -special broadcasting service in australia..update: it has been revised......', 'kim huat goes on a bus ride and gets more than he bargained for...a production of ', 'first day back at work after a busy  and im jumping into the deep end. its always a pleasure to work with good friends who are also pros in their fields..  .what it makes it even sweeter is recording with my current favourite studio microphone, the audio-technica  at5047. such a sweet beast..  .   ', 'chinese new year day 2. we never tire of taking family photos because these serve as a record of our family.. .they serve as a reminder of the kids who are growing up so quickly. they serve as a reminder of loved ones who may be here one year and not with us the next. they serve as a reminder to cherish every moment with one another, to love every day like it is the last day of the world.. .your new year ahead be filled with love, laughter and joy.. .  ', 'a kim huat chinese new year psa.  ..anchor.fm.a kim huat chinese new year psa by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'blessed lunar new year to you all! from my family to you.. .. .  ', 'when you try to tiktok with your teenage daughter.  ', 'kim huat reads the news of the week for , 2020...a production of ', 'i have consumed some of the chinese new year goodies my wife bought for our guests for visitation.  do not judge me...look, it was only two almond cookies!..ok, three!..ok, four!..i  can not stop. send help...', 'i was doing some chinese new year spring cleaning and found a baby bath tub from mount alvernia, last used by joy, and also this rejection letter from 1998.. .heng ah.  did not get the job. hahaha!', 'a full day in a studio today working on a personal project that is three years in the making. home stretch now.. ....', 'wah gongxi gongxi gongxi ni!', 'mrbrown updated their website address.', 'kim huat thinks there are more important gs than just grades...mrbrown.com.kim huat: whats more important than grades?', 'all the best for the o level results today! remember that there are many pathways to success!', 'my train buddy today.', 'kim huat reads the news of the week for ..a production of ', 'meet uncle dong, the resident sex symbol of downstairs, a new adult animated series by robot playground, played by yours truly. check out the entire season now streaming on toggle......', 'mrbrowns mini-movie reviews: 1917..sam mendes\'s world war i movie, 1917, is one of the best war movies i have ever seen. and i am a huge war movie fan...shot in what looks like one continuous take, the movie grabs you from the start and immerses you in the story...my wife falls asleep often in movies that  do not work. she did not sleep during this entire movie. it was surreal, she said, to watch the story unfold this way...you follow two young british soldiers  schofield and blake  as they go on an almost suicide mission: to get across no mans land with a letter to save 1,600 men from a german ambush...blade runner 2049\'s cinematographer, roger deakins needs to win all kinds of awards for this...there are stars like colin firth,k strong, and benedict cumberbatch playing secondary characters in the film, but they are never used to outshine the story. instead, you are made to care about the two men on an impossible mission, as you gape at the horrors of the first world war, the "the war to end all wars"...go watch it in imax. it is not in 3d but that screen really works well for this movie...', "mrbrowns mini-movie reviews: 6 underground...netflix's 6 underground was michael bay doing one mindless action sequence after another without a story. this us$150 million movie was meant to set up a franchise of sequels. oh please no...even watching this while drowsy from cough mixture did not make it better. even ryan reynolds couldn't save this stinker...i waited for two hours for a coherent story to come out of it all, but nope. nothing. nada. we did get an overly-long 15-minute car chase scene, flying blood, and waaaay too much parkour...6 underground should have stayed underground and not seen the light of day...i wish they still had the ratings system on netflix so i can warn others about shows like these...", 'this is my second work day of 2020 but tomorrow is already weekend face. which is a contrast to my sian face yesterday. ', 'since we have so many kids-going-to-school photos today, here is my adult 2020 first day of going back to work sian face...i think those p are nots who needed to wake up at 5.30am today to settle the kids first lagi sian...truth be told, im actually quite happy to go back to work. im really smiling inside. im just grumpy because my home colour laser printer died. printers wait for you to really need to scan, photocopy or print something really important before they decide to stop working. i think its an evil plot by the secret society of evil printers.....', 'on the day before school reopens, kim huat elores the cost of education in singapore...a production of ', 'how time flies. 2019 feels like just yesterday.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat gives you some tips to start the new year of 2020...a production of ', 'one of the most fun projects ive had the privilege of working on this year. downstairs is a new adult animated series by robot playground and ervin han (who also brought you the series heartland hubby). now streaming on toggle! go watch!..', 'downstairs, a new series on toggle is out! and it was an awesome eerience working with so much comedic talent! go watch!..downstairs. at 16:46 ..meet uncle dong ', 'kim huat reported live at 1.23pm, on the annular solar eclipse in singapore, a.k.a. ring of fire. this is the abridged edition of that monumental broadcast.', 'it is the start of the ring of fire eclipse...i told the sun not to eat that mala hotpot last night but he  would not listen...(serious psa: please  do not look directly at the sun, even during an eclipse. it will damage your eyes. also, sunglasses  do not work. so  do not try that too.)', 'blessed christmas from the browns!. .as we gave out presents to the kids at a minute past midnight, we got a surprise gift in return: this lovely painting from our youngest one.. .behind the painting, there were messages from isaac and joy for mommy and me. and even a message from faith. (technically joy helped her autistic cheh cheh to write that message but it was still sweet.). .joy said her test of whether the paintings looked like her subjects was to ask her big sister questions like:. .where is papa? faith points to me.. .where is mommy? points to mommy.. .success.. .i tell you, the best presents are kids who love you and know you love them. even if they drive you crazy sometimes, during the rest of the year.. .the love and peace that surpasses all understanding, guard your hearts and minds this christmas.', 'sometimes you just need to stop and enjoy the sunny day in the midst of a rainy season. also, get your laundry out, yall!', 'to all p are nots and students getting their n level results, all the best. always remember, you are more than your grades.', 'time to watch the end of the saga i started watching as a kid.the force be with me.   ', 'no sun today. lok hor leh. indoor drying will have to do. sian jit pua...meanwhile, the coffee shop auntie is singing liu wen zhengs   (scenery in the rain):...........be i should join in with  (rain drops keep falling on me).', 'the sun come out liao. teko kah kin longzhong chut lai!!!.. ..update: rain came back! keep keep keep!!!', 'snail invasion in this rainy weather. (please try not to step on the little fellas carrying their own hdb flats, thanks.)', 'public service announcement: we got sun again. quick, hang out the clothes!!!..(photo by my friend, max. which he posted to show his wife he was being a good hubby.)', 'had a good chat with apples tim cook and paralympian theresa goh (ig:  this morning about creativity, accessibility, and p are noting in a fast-changing technological world. it was an honour and blessing to meet two extraordinary people in one morning.. ..', 'tomorrow is 12.12! you know what that means!..credit card bill is due.', '24c only? come on, singapore weather! you can do better! lets see 21c!..otherwise how to wear our puffy down jackets?', 'returned home, i have....', 'this is what family holidays are about. three generations in one bus; siblings and cousins hanging together and helping to look after their grandmother, their special needs sister, and the littlest ones.. .and this family marches on its stomach. we are united in our love of food. we also have at least two vacuum cleaner teenagers who can eat a restaurant clean.. .the destinations  do not really matter. the journeys together are what memories are made of. it is a blessing to spend time like this as family.. ....  ao nang, krabi', 'this short video clip will give you an idea of how difficult it is for faith to fly...link: ..before this, she stopped twiceonce outside the aerobridge, and once outside the plane doorrefusing to board until we reassured and consoled her...her  makes her particularly sensitive to the sounds, g-forces and ear pressure of takeoff and landing...if this happened a few years ago, we would be holding her down as she had a meltdown, trying to remove her seat belt and leave her seat. instead she has learned to cope and brave the sensory overload...this trembling behavior you see is both a form of stimming (self-soothing and modulation) and also the trembling of fear. we gave her a sweet to deal with the ear pressure, and my helper and i took turns to reassure her with touch, and joint compression. when the plane finally leveled out, she calmed down for the rest of the flight. she even took the beats noise-canceling headphones off and returned them to me. she decided she  did not need it anymore...when we finally made it to the hotel, faith had a huge grin on her face as she tucked herself into bed and rested under the compression of the blanket. that is her holiday bliss face. and her father also had the same grin seeing that happiness.....', 'family holiday time! it is a short flight but faith has a fear of flying and major sensory issues on planes. always a challenge with  but we improvise, adapt and overcome. prayers help too! onward we go!. .....', 'one love.one blood.one life.you got to do what you should.  ', 'and you give yourself away, you give yourself away   ', 'tonight many old people are out at an old people rock concert. young people, please sleep early. we will be home a bit late. with or without you.  you give yourself away, you give yourself away     national stadium, singapore', 'kim huat returns with more slang lessons...a production of ', "kim huat asks what's wrong with taking a little longer to finish your education?..mrbrown.com.kim huat and whats wrong with taking my time?", ' was browsing through hulu for something to watch, and  did not have my glasses on. and got excited to see a show called looking for a laksa...turned out to be looking for alaska...thats what happens when your stomach takes over your brain.', 'kim huat reads the news of the week for ...a production of ', 'saw this photo of masayoshi son, chairman and chief executive officer of softbank, in my feed, and it reminded me of the photo.', 'a little story about paying for stuff in japan...   ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: the watermelon story, japan by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'during this trip, my children really got close to me. i mean, literally. because they needed to be near the pocket wifi in my bag...   ', 'kim huat shares how singapore power keeps our power grid healthy and strong...a production of ', 'isaac, joy and papa go japan: day 5 and 6, asahidake and mombetsu..on day 5, we woke up at hotel bearmonte and when we looked out the window of our western room with loft we saw the surroundings covered in a blanket of white...it snowed last night! the kids exclaimed...yes, winter comes earlier to hokkaido than the rest of japan and we witnessed the arrival of the first post-autumn snow. it was a pretty sight...after consuming an obscene amount of food at the breakfast buffet, we packed up our things and loaded up the car to head to asahidake ropeway...to be fair, it was only a short walk from hotel bearmonte to the ropeway but the ground was covered in snow and only joy had her mothers waterproof snow boots on. isaac was wearing his nike track shoes and i was wearing my allbirds sneakers. not the best choice for traipsing in snow...so we drove that short distance and parked the car as near to the entrance of the ropeway as possible, then took the scenic ride up hokkaidos highest mountain ...we had a lovely hike at the sugatami station (altitude 1,600m), wearing borrowed rubber boots. we would have finished the full one-hour hike but snow starting falling heavily. weather in the mountains must be respected and it can turn bad very quickly. so one must always know ones limits...then it was lunch at the ropeway restaurant, and a drive back to higashikawa...the next day, i decided that we would drive out to mombetsu. actually it was not so organized. we were just looking for breakfast and we just drove further and further away from our home base until we found ourselves back in kamikawa, but this time we found another ramen place there. parking our car in the snow-covered car park, we walked over to asahi shokudo, and we were their first customers of the day...their ramen was worth driving from higashikawa to kamikawa for. try their maboroshi ramen made from natural okhotsk sea salt. limited to 20 bowls a day. i had bowl one of twenty...also great, their miso ramen. some of the best ramen ive ever tasted. the owner, a handsome elderly gentleman whose face was on many of the photos on the wall, posing with celebrities, asked me where we were heading...mombetsu, i blurted out, even though it was just a random thought in my mind. i  did not even know what was there. just that i  have not been there before, and ive covered a lot of hokkaido in prior trips...ah, he said, about 95km from here.be three hours in this weather. drive carefully, ok? big snow...i thanked him for the advice and my teens and i drove off towards monbetsu. along the way, i asked isaac to look the town up and read me some facts...turns out mombetsu is famous for crabs and for the port, the sea ice, and icebreaker ships. well, it wasnt quite sea ice season but we were already on our way there, so what the heck. lets go...the snow got heavier and heavier as i drove on the highway. i was super-cautious because we singaporeans  do not drive in snow very often...as my children fell asleep one by one, my iphone started playing angels we have heard on high, by sience none the richer, though the car stereo...on my windscreen, i saw snow gently falling. in the car, i hear..angels we have heard on high,.singing sweetly through the night,.and the mountains in reply.echoing their brave delight...it was like a scene out of a winter movie. except i was also a hyper-alert father driving as carefully as i can, mindful of the sleeping young charges in my care...when we got to mombetsu, there was no snow. just windy cold coastal weather. i drove the kids to the okhotsk tower where you can normally see the sea ice in the sea of okhotsk and take icebreaker cruises. we settled for visiting the underwater observatory that is 8m below sea level...and oh, we also made sure we visited the giant crab claw statue that is the pride of monbetsu town. not visiting the crab claw in mombetsu is like not visiting the merlion in singapore, ok? must go one...wish i tasted some of that monbetsu crab though. but it was a long drive back to monbetsu, and at 4pm, it would soon be nightfall and i still had that snowy part of the highway to drive through. and miles to go before i eat...dinner......', '   ..shinkansen goes through tunnel..me: aiyah no internet...shinkansen leaves tunnel..me: yay got internet!..shinkansen goes through tunnel..me: aiyah no internet...shinkansen leaves tunnel..me: yay got internet! clicks link frantically before the next tunne-', 'link: ..road trip talks: someone sent me this note allegedly written by someone affected by the recent move by the authorities to ban pmds from footpaths, a ban that was announced on  and was effective the next day. it was announced by minister lam pmd min...the issue of pmds is a polarizing one, with some calling for a ban, others calling for regulation but not ban, and yet others calling for the authorities to maintain the status quo...i got my youngest to read the post below out loud. and then my two kids and i had a discussion about it during our long drive, covering topics like:..1. should pmds have been allowed in the first place without infrastructure and legislation?..2. was the pmd issue handled with the right wisdom and speed?..3. the impact the ban has had on livelihoods...4. the impact pmds has had on pedestrian safety...5. the importance of personal financial responsibility...6. what is the locus of control? (people who develop an internal locus of control believe that they are responsible for their own success. those with an external locus of control believe that external forces, like luck, determine their outcomes.)..7. should the government help those impacted by this ban and if so, how can it help mitigate things?..8. what other options are there for food delivery employees?..9. who should take the blame for this fiasco? the government? the errant users? the retailers who imported these devices? the companies who encouraged the use of these devices in their food delivery business?..10. the tradeoffs between working in a job that pays less but has more stability, and working in a job that pays more but has less certainty...11. the viability, benefits, and risks of the gig economy...12. the tradeoff between having cpf and not having it...13. the cost of housing...i had a good discussion with my teens on this matter. i trust there will be many views here too. keep it respectful please. thanks.....i am an ite graduate who previously work in office job, it paid me $2,200 every month, no 13th month, no bonus, 3 days mc...since grabfood come along, with my trusty pmd, i earn $3,500 every month...now overnight, my pmd is illegal and i cannot use it for daily work...with my $3,500 salary, i thought it was good time to start family, i can provide for my baby. combine with my wife $2000 salary, we buy $250,000 bto in cck...now my income suddenly become zero, if i go back old job, it drop by $1,300 every month, i have baby that need diaper, need milk powder, need infant care, now my eense is more than my income...govt ask me to buy certified ul2272 pmd, i support and follow...govt ask me be careful while riding on the footpath, i careful. never hit anyone or get into argument before in my 2 year as pmd rider...govt tell me to register pmd, i register...govt ask me to have stable proper job, i found one...govt ask me to have children, i agree and have kid...i do everything you ask me to, but you still ban me from doing my job, a good job that pay me well. now my children childcare fee how? now their daily eense how? overnight my salary cut by 30%, how can i be a good father to raise my children responsibly?..i want to be good citizen and help the country by being employ and by having children...i want to help my country, but now my country  do not want to help me...tell me what i should do now? with one speech now my income drop so much, if i am irresponsible rider, u penalty me i nothing to say. i am safe delivery rider but i pay price for those yp black sheep...how i face my wife now, how i tell my children i cannot bring them go out enjoy some family excursion?..sad to be a loyal singaporean. i want to be loyal but there is no care for me...written by: m siva, grabfood pmd rider since 2018..', 'isaac, joy and papa go japan: day 3 and 4, higashikawa, otaru, sounkyo and asahidake. .i did not plan to drive around the entire island of hokkaido in the few days we had. it would not be practical or fun. so i decided to keep things within the centre of hokkaido...from shikotsuko, we drove to higashikawa (my favourite town) and stayed at my friends b&b. dinner was spent watching the rugby world cup finals with my friends (they were rooting for england) while isaac and joy played with their kids, who were a few years younger. jody and nina adore big sister joy, whom they met when she came visiting during my solo trip with her when she turned 12, and the girls were happy to see her again...the next morning, we set off again, without any plans once more. i thought, perhaps we could drive out to otaru, just to have a look. frankly, it was just an excuse to drive, as the drive itself is very pleasant. i told them, otaru is famous for their canals...joy asked, and?..thats pretty much it, i said. it is one big tourist trap, to be honest, and i told them, essentially, we are driving all the way to see otarus long kangs. they laughed and were cool with their fathers rather stupid travel plans...the canals are actually quite nice when it is winter, to be honest, i added, trying to make it sound a bit more exciting...when we got to otaru, i found a parking lot near the canals and was quite pleased it said 100 for 30 minutes. after parking, i realized i read it wrongly and it was actually 400 for 30 minutes during the day, and 100 for 30 minutes at night...we better not stay too long, i told the kids. joy, the financially-minded of the two, said, ya, not worth paying that kind of parking for long kang...so we snapped some photos, walked around the food court a bit, and then left otaru. i figured we would get lunch further away, en route to sounkyo, where we planned to stay the night...sounkyo is a quaint mountain resort area, located in kamikawa. it is considered a touristy place, but a good base to hike daisetsuzan national park from. we stopped at a ramen place in kamikawa called yoshino, just off the highway. and wow, the ramen was great. they even had thick slices of miton roast pork available as a side, in limited quantities. this is part of the fun of road trips: stumbling upon good places to eat...after eating at yoshino, we drove on to sounkyo and stopped at the twin waterfalls rest stop. that was when we encountered some serious cold and wind chill. it was -1c and windy there. we looked at the majestic cliffs for a bit, stared at the waterfall which was not flowing very rapidly (spring is when the ice melts and you get a grander sight) and then we ran into the souvenir store to enjoy some heat...the store ladies were so kind, and offered us cups of soup. they had a hot pot set up with paper cups to serve their customers, and we were very thankful for the soup. so much so that i felt i had to buy some stuff there, in gratitude. i bought some sweets and grapes. you may have seen the instastory of joy and me eating said grapes in our ryokan later, and attempting to spit the seeds into the bowl...i asked the kids if they wanted to climb the stairs to the viewing platform but the sign said, 20 minutes and there was a sign to look out for bears. so we chickened out. actually we were just lazy. it was too much of a climb on a cold autumns day just to see two off-peak waterfalls...we finally checked into kumoi hotel, a nice little place that was renovated only two years ago. many of these onsen hotels in areas like this tend to be old and tired. a couple of the hotels i saw along the way had signs with missing words in their names. but not the kumoi...the kids had to set up the futon beds themselves, something they learned to do in our first house, and i have to say, it is handy having two assistants to set up the beds...at least this sounkyo area had three restaurants open till 8pm, so we did not need to tabao food. we chose an italian place called bear grill, run by a handsome old man who made great food...we also stopped by the seicomart, the familyt of hokkaido, to resupply our drinks and junk food. and then retired to our hotel...because the kumoi has its own onsen baths, i took the kids to the baths and taught the son how it works. joy already had some eerience in our previous trip so she was fine. the son took some convincing. nobody will look at your junk lah, i assured him...i gave him pointers on how to use an onsen, like putting a small towel on his head, and using the same small towel to cover his lower bits. the butt, that one cannot cover, the small towel was not big enough...the kids enjoyed the onsen eerience thoroughly, and we vowed to do it again when we could. and we ended our night at sounkyo with a movie screening in the room, where i introduced them to the matrix. suffice to say, their minds were blown...the next morning we drove back towards higashikawa and stopped at the seven stars tree. it is a scenic spot where, i later learned, a famous oak tree, that was once used on the packaging of seven stars tobacco, stood...i only found out when i got to the tree. great, we drove all this way to see a cigarette advertisement. but the view was really nice lah. so it was not for nothing...we also made a stop at the shirogane blue pond, which was recently upgraded with new viewing platforms and lights. there, we spotted some dumb tourists taking photos on a tree branch that grew over the water. this is why we  can not have nice things...by then it was close to sunset, and i  did not want to drive in the dark, so we drove to hotel bear monte, near asahidake mountain, where i booked a night in this bigger, fancier onsen hotel. it took a lot of talking to convince the kids that it is okay to walk around the hotel in our yukata. and even to have the buffet dinner wearing our takata...this is how the farmers used to do it, on their vacations to onsen hotels, i told the kids. they looked a little skeptical but took to it eventually. so we walked here walked there, like a boss, in our yukatas...like japanese farmers on their winter onsen vacations......', 'the ban hammer lai liao. i hope you  did not buy an e-scooter over the weekend.', 'isaac, joy and papa go japan: day 1 and 2..we picked up our car at chitose airport from hertz/toyota, after we flew over via narita. actually you  do not get the car at the airport but they have a greeting counter there and then a shuttle bus takes you to the huge lot where they have the cars and the rental office...i got a white toyota axio and it was as boring a family car you can get. but you also know it is reliable. i feel like my late father, who drove a toyota corolla, and then changed to a toyota corolla when the first corollas coe eired. i understand now why he liked these cars. they just work...my teens were fairly well-behaved in their journey here. they only needed occasional reminders to put away their iphones and pay attention to their surroundings and do the important stuff first. so my task as driver, tour guide, p are not and general do-everything person, was made slightly easier...they have grown considerably since their last trips with me. both of them traveled solo with me when they were 12. and now they were older and more mature. it is different to deal with a kid then and now dealing with a teen. what you say to them changes, what you talk to them about, changes too. i quite enjoy interacting with these older versions of my children. there is more to share as their interests get broader...we  did not try to go too far on the first day. i was tired from the redeye flight from singapore to tokyo and then the 3 hour layover in narita, followed by the flight to chitose. so i decided to drive to lake shikotsu, in the town of shikotsukoonsen, on the recommendation of my friends, mr miyagi and tama-san, my remote tour guides from singapore...lake shikotsu is a lovely place to chill. its a beautiful lake and very quiet during this time of the year. we booked an entire house by the lake and spent the afternoon looking for lunch in the small town by the lake...our first real meal in hokkaido was awesome, and a fitting start to the trip. we were reminded by the host of our place to settle our dinner early because shops here close at 4-5pm. so while we were having lunch, we bought our burger dinner across the street. we would heat the burgers up later at the house for dinner while watching shazam! streaming from my iphone to the large screen tv in the living room/den...its cold here. it is 15-20c in tokyo but in hokkaido, we are looking at single digit temperatures. by the lake, the wind chill made it even colder. good thing i packed the right layers for the kids and myself, and assumed winter weather even though, technically, its autumn...we had the heaters on full blast in the house but even then, our unacclimatized singapore bodies still needed sweaters to keep warm...nightfall came very quickly and it was dark by 4.30pm. by 9pm, we were already in our futons and i was about to doze off. the kids managed to stay up a bit longer watching youtube on their phones...i was told some ghost stories by miyagi and tama-san regarding the lake area. shikotsuko is  in japanese. but sometimes the locals also call it , which is the same pronunciation. there is a lot of algae in the lake, and once you drown, no bones float, which makes it ripe for scary stories...there is the famous shikotsuko story of the 100km obasan. if you drive at night, the 100km obasan will chase you and if she catches up with your car, you will die...i decided to not tell the kids the stories until we left the area. i also decided not to drive in shikotsuko at night hahaha!..the next day, we had breakfast in town and set off, not knowing we were heading next. the kids already know papa travels by the seat of his pants and just went with the flow. all we needed was this car, some tunes to sing along to, and each other......', 'the  trip has begun! im planning to sleep but the kids want to stay up and watch one movie after another. i need my beauty sleep because im the one driving when we land. hah!.........', 'packed and ready for our long-awaited  trip...from left: my tom bihn synik 30, isaacs synik 30, and joys aeronaut 30...just like their solo trips with me previously when they turned 12, we are traveling without checked luggage..........', 'the sonos move is an excellent speaker that fits right into the sonos wireless speaker eco-system while giving you the option to carry it outdoors via bluetooth. it comes with a 10-hour battery and automatic trueplay to adapt the eq of the speaker to any environment, be it on a shelf, in the living room, or in the great outdoors...read my entire review of the sonos by tc acoustic move speaker at ', ' do not be a dick, ', 'unbeknownst to many,  jj lins sibling had no musical ambitions but built a successful moving business...(wle must spell it out for you guys. joke lah. hahaha!)', 'terminator: dark fate..we finally get the t2 sequel we deserve.  is the easily best sequel after terminator 2: judgment day. i know, the bar is low. but it was a really fun ride...when it wasnt trying too hard to be emo and drama, the movie really rocked. the action set pieces were spot on. some of the cg was a little weak in small places, like one or two face-transformations but it was not gemini man level bad...and wow. linda hamilton really stole the show. so glad she is back. she spent a year with no carbs and full exercise to get back in shape for this and it shows. i want to look like this kind of merdeka generation...be it is me getting older and grumpier but i totally connected with the cranky badassery that sarah connor brought to the table...the new terminator rev-9 looks sufficiently dangerous. you could say he is twice the man the others were...arnold is back this time too. he has appeared in the other sequels before but i like this version of him. he brings a quiet strength to the movie and has some of the funniest lines. this is swarzeneggers best outing since t2...mackenzie davis was also a delight to watch. her lean, statuesque figure was a nice contrast to the brute force of the rev-9 when they fought. grace was a good name for her. i also liked the subtle details like the surgical lines on her body...as for the other post-t2 sequels, lets call them terminator legends. as far as i am concerned, dark fate is the true terminator 3. lets forget the other sequels existed...is terminator: dark fate better than terminator 2? no. that is a difficult movie to follow. but dark fate holds its own...oh, james cameron, welcome back. we missed you. please do the real aliens sequel too. thanks...', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat tells you his taxi stories and the new features in the comfortdelgro taxi booking app. there is a contest too! between now and , stand a chance to win $88 in comfortpoints every week, or be one of the three monthly winners of $888 in comfortpoints, or even win the grand prize of $8,888 worth of comfortpoints! just book comfortride for a chance to win! click here to book a ride now - ..a production of ..comfortdelgrnelink.me.kim huat and the taxi app', 'kim huat rants about the latest public fare hike and also reflects on the public transport systems in other cities...a production of ', 'helping your p are nots with a tech problem...[via reddit, image by  on twitter]', 'i wish to make a witty comment about my day but my brain is pretty much fried. so you will have to make do with this memoji sticker.', 'kim huat looks at  newest pillar, digital defence. can you survive kim huats digital defence kungfu training? ..a production of ', 'very game of thrones.', "mrbrown's mini movie reviews: ..great performance by mr phoenix. depressing as heck though. not a fun date movie.  ..full review: ", 'mrbrown\'s mini movie reviews: gemini man...an average and predictable action film with some horrible cg scenes. especially the ones with "young" will smith. so jarring, the cg...it is superman-in-justice-league-no-moustache-mouth bad. in 3d at 120 frames-per-second  and 4k resolution, the flaws are even more obvious. it is like watching a bad tv movie...why, lee ang? why? first hulk, now this. why cannot do a good action movie?..you know what are the warning signs? when you see a list of chinese companies at the start of the movie as the funders. like pacific rim 2. then you better get ready to be disappointed...also annoying was the overly obvious coca-cola product placement. the movie kept showing will smith drinking it. oi, we know lah. he drinks coke. ok...now i am worried about bad boys for life. i like will smith leh, but why another stinker like gemini man? sigh... ', 'note to self: i need a manicure...also note to self: when waving goodbye from the cab, make sure fingers are clear from the top of the door before slamming said door shut......', 'my first tiktok. i am now a young person again...t.tiktok.com.mrbrown on tiktok', 'tired uncle going home after a long day. its 24c after the rain and even colder inside the bus. uncle always has one of his favourite icebreaker cardigans in his backpack to stay toasty.. .', 'the mrbrown show: pedestrians make do...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: pedestrians make do by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat elores the high-end world of preschools for the gifted...a production of ', 'hes a silent guardian, a watchful protector. a huat knight.. .kim huat in night mode. taken in the studio with next to no light.. ...', 'going up.. ....', ' do not be a silent victim of crime...a parody from mrbrown.com', ' you woke up to pee last night but fell off the bed. while falling, your little toe got caught on the strap of the backpack on the floor. you broke your fall but sprained the little toe. ..waking up at night to pee is now an extreme sport.....', 'glorious, glorious rain today...i danced a little at the overhead bridge...', 'two uncles in an izakaya, in ultra wide.. ..', 'two uncles in an izakaya, in ultra wide.. ..', 'another long lost roll of film developed, and another set of photos to share on my eosure site: spring fiesta, 2011..link: .....', 'just noticed this today. wow. 100k organic views for my iphone 11 pro video on fb. thank you, guys!', 'my somewhat messy workspace in ultra wide. how is your monday going?...', 'hakodate station, hokkaido.........', 'hello, my new friend! i think we will have many photography and filmmaking dates together.. ..', ' reads the news - t 2019...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'my little adventure at omiya station last night...(i decided to re-edit the video since the previous ones all got corrupted in the hands of fb.)..  ', '5.50pm, higashikawa , kamikawa, hokkaido.. ...  higashikawa, hokkaido', 'i went from narita to hakodate to sapporo to asahikawa, to see this clear sky in higashikawa. no haze too...tokyo and the rest of honshu felt warm so i decided just to head north...when the cold 17c air of hakodate hit me after ten hours of flying into narita and six hours of taking the last train to hakodate, my mind went yesssssss. at 2359h, on a friday night, it was a welcome breath of free air...and my reward to myself was a soak in the bathtub of the four points by sheraton room i booked for the evening...then the next morning, i elored the morning market at hakodate, grabbed a quick breakfast at seven, and chugged along the coast to sapporo. that stretch is one of the nicest in hokkaido...i caught up on some sleep, some work and some writing on the train, and also ate my bento box lunch. why not just fly from tokyo to sapporo? because i like slow travel, i like trains, and i like the scenery. and i dislike airports...and what is my itinerary, you ask? i  can not tell you because i rarely know beforehand, and the journey is the destination. also the food. the food is my destination too.....', 'in singapore, you  do not say "lend", you say "borrow". as in:..a: "eh, can borrow me some money?".b: "should be can."..isn\'t that amazing?.. ', 'this higashikawa rice was just harvested a few days ago. fresh from the fields of hokkaido! and we are going to have it for dinner soon. yessssss.....', 'signs that mrbrown is back in japan: all day long i sumimasen ...my ride this morning, the super-hokuto 3.. .....', 'finally landed in tokyo albeit a little late (why ana why?). took the narita eress to tokyo (it also arrived late, so unusual) and had my first hot meal, black curry rice with a hambagu.. .this part of tokyo station is like a second home to me. tracks 20-24 and becks coffee are my good friends.. .tokyo station is very crowded at this hour. im happy to jump into my train away from this.. ....  tokyo, japan', 'goodbye, san jose! it was a fun but busy few days here! a big shoutout to all the friends who made my stay so memorable! now onward to my next destination, japan, for a few days! i  do not know where i will go there yet but im sure ill think of something.. .......', 'a double double and a neopolitan shake (secret item, not on the menu, so you have to ask).  do not judge. i already feel guilty.. .....', 'kim huat went to apple at cupertino to check out the iphone 11 and iphone 11 pro...a production of mrbrown.com', 'iphone 11 pro has four hours more battery life than the iphone xs and the iphone 11 pro max has five hours more battery life than the iphone xs max. thats quite a leap...and here are the us prices of the new iphones. iphone 8 and xr will remain in the lineup...  ', 'the upcoming filmic pro app will let you record from more than one camera on the iphone 11 pro. simultaneously. be still, my filmmaking heart...  ', 'the new three-camera system of the iphone 11 pro looks amazing. and maybe i  will not need to carry my moment iphone lenses anymore, especially my moment 18mm wide one...  ', 'iphone 11 has a wide and now an ultra wide camera. this looks like the xr replacement, but with a way more useful camera and night mode...and the video mode is so epic on ultra wide...  ', 'apple arcade will be s$6.98 a month for the family subscription, and startsth 2019...frogger from konami will be one of the titles...looks like im going to have to sign up for the kids. ya. its for my kids. and maybe me. but  do not tell the wife...  ', 'the 7th-gen entry-level ipad is now faster and has a 10.2 retina display and keyboard support. and its going to be a great way to start using the upcoming ipados. starts at usd329...   ', 'apple+ tv service is free for one year for new apple devices!!! macs, iphones or ipads!..that is awesome! and s$6.98 a month for a family subscription, startingst 2019...jason momoa in see looks badass!..  ', 'we are in the steve jobs theater and its five minutes to the start of this years apple keynote!. .......  steve jobs theater', 'almost time for the apple keynote! you can tell im in serious work mode because i am wearing a shirt haha!. .......', 'the view over eastern tokyo, enroute to san jose.. ....', 'dear media literacy council, satire is not fake news lah. please  do not spread this kind of fake news, can?  ..update: ', 'back from the east coast for a week and now back on the plane to the west coast. see you all in san jose and cupertino!. ....', 'in the airport lounge. suddenly got na si wa ooh jit pa ban playing from some uncles phone...uncle. its 4.30am. we are going to board a plane for an early-morning long flight. i woke up at 3am this morning. its too early for a no-headphones playing of your whatsapp chat group boliao videos lah. tolong.', 'i can finally tell you why i was in nyc last week. sonos by tc acoustic sent me to see the  the latest speaker from sonos. not only does it work your existing sonos wifi-networked speakers, you can now take the move outdoors and it works via bluetooth too, powered by its own battery.. .ill do a more thorough review blog post down the road.. .pre-order is available exclusively at comex, and on tcs webstore  from the . thats today.. ...', 'this will destroy entire families and lifelong friendships.', "stories from the subway. a bigger pool of photos than the instagram post, from my subway-crawling days.   ..brown.eosure.co.below ground - mrbrown's photo stories", 'below ground, images from the t, a.k.a. the boston metro.. .........', 'mrbrowns inflight movie mini reviews:..john wick 3: good but not as good as 1 and 2...x-men dark phoenix: shite..the hustle: straight-to-netflix standard. heist movie anne hathaway and rebel wilson that never takes off...long shot: please lah. nobody will believe seth rogen can end up with charlize theron. only worth watching for her...', 'going home to my loved ones. nonstop >18 hours, ewr to sin.. .i have my little comfort items assembled on my seat: sennheiser pxc550 headphones, muji toothbrush set, tom bihn ghost whale super mini pouch with my cables in it, anker powerport atom pd 1 (a really tiny 30w usb-c pd charger) and my icebreaker merino wool buff.. .see you next time, nyc and boston!. ....', 'subway, nyc.. ........', 'kim huat visits harvard, on orientation week.   ', 'walking along the high line in new york city.. ...', 'west side yard,  in case you  do not know this by now, im a little bit of a train nerd. almost densha otaku level. love riding trains. love taking photos of trains.. ...', 'my mother used to hit me for stepping on books or using my feet to slide a book over. hello. must respect books ok?..actually now that i think about it, we  were not allowed to lie down like that too, feet up. it was the fastest way to get your legs caned...ok, after reading the comments, i am reminded of other rules. no sitting on books (i wince as i write this, which shows you how ingrained it is), or kicking them, or even walking over books.', "spend a night  taiwan's presidential office building..how would you like to spend a night in taiwans presidential office building? tsai ing-wen, the president of taiwan, invites you enjoy a trip to taiwan to eerience the crown jewel of taiwans democracy and eerience the best of taiwanese hospitality...registration ends 31st of so hurry!..info here: ..sign up here: ", 'good morning, new york city!. ...', 'oh piss off, ya bloody tosser...they treated other races like second-class citizens, they were utterly incompetent in defending the island from the japanese and they committed atrocities such as the batang kali massacre. but it wasnt all bad...[via ]', 'hello nyc! im back! i landed at 6am after 18 hours in the air (great flight as usual, singapore airlines). the sun was rising and casting an orange-red hue over the new york city skyline as i made my way to my hotel in the meatpacking district...i spent most of the flight sleeping, which was the most sleep ive had all week. i got out of newark airport fairly quickly, partly because they were using new immigration machines and partly because i have no luggage, just my tom bihn synik 22 and co-pilot. carryon-only travel is the best...(side note: enjoy your holiday, david and stephanie! it was nice meeting you two!)..my first order of business after checking in was to get some breakfast. i did have some chye tow kway onboard but that in-flight breakfast was 4am...by the time i settled into my room, it was 8.30am and i was famished. i polished off the smoked salmon, cream cheese with bagel, and pork apple sausage (what is an apple sausage ah? american hotels always serve this)...the weather looks lovely this week. i think im going to enjoy my stay here in the big apple...my room, i am told, is just below a famous disco. good thing im a heavy sleeper then. the view from my bed is lovely. i can see the hudson river and the manhattan skyline from my bed. i better go out and walk-walk on this sunny saturday, or ill get too comfy in this bed and koon.. .....  the high line', 'just boarded my sq flight to new york. it will be a nonstop 18-19 hours in the air. just as well. im so pooped from my crazy work week that im just happy to be able to lie back and sleep. i have plenty of legroom. sweet.. .be ill catch my japanese movies later. i  have not finished restaurant from the sky  from my last flight. that will be on my list.. .see you all in about a day!. ...', 'kim huat looks forward to the coming james bond movies...a production of mrbrown.com', 'the new james bond movie is called ai si poon boh eng. which is also the story of a singaporeans work life.', 'update: ive been told the show is sold. out. blockbuster is liddat one. congrats to hossan and his team. audiences know a good thing when they see it.....the wife and i had a glorious time laughing and singing along at hossan leongs big five-oh show: hossan-ah 50! - love you leong time.. .i have known hossan since primary school, when the two of us were the only boys in class with glasses. and it warms my heart to see him carry his 50th birthday show with such class and confidence, that can only come from his years of eerience and his immense gifts.. .heres to the next century, old friend.it be an even better one.. .the run ends on . there are already sold-out shows.  do not wait. go and watch...link: ', '  pm: we want every singaporean son and daughter to have the opportunity to receive a good education and start well in life, regardless of family circumstances...ntu freshies:', 'pm mentions climate change and the rising sea levels affecting singapore...me: we are going to drown and dieeeeeee!..pm mentions new sea wall...me: but it didnt work against the kaiju!.. ', 'we are playing a game at home. wife and i are playing spot the sleepers during pms national day rally.  ', 'pm: on average, singaporeans now live longer than even the japanese.  ..my first thought: i am going to have to work until die...upside: retirement age and reemployment age is going to be raised gradually. completed by 2030. wah, ill be that target group by 2030. working longer. woohoo. sigh...good news: you can work longer. bad news: you probably must work longer.', 'pm: university and polytechnic bursaries going up...me, shouting to my two younger kids: oi! you guys better study hard ah! got bursaries to get leh!.. ', 'pm started talking about our early chinese philanthropists and immigration, and ends with a reminder that we are singaporeans of many races now...i think it is an important reminder:  do not let china influence us and play on our chinese fewlings and drive a wedge between us. we are singaporeans first. got other races here. we get along happily... do not be so keen to suck on chinas c- teats... ', 'in nutshell, singapore is very slut one. we sleep with everyone. because thats how a tiny country survives... ', 'my father-in-law is asking my brother-in-law to turn on the home theatre amp...i said, pms speech got 5:1 surround ah?..(faith is listening to her own youtube music.).. ', 'kim huat discovers the underbelly of singapore university orientation games and gives a lecture on what is appropriate and what is not...(content warning: contains strong language.not be suitable for chewren or people with sensitive dispositions.)..a production of mrbrown.com', 'why must', 'my day after a super-long-weekend face. ', 'the jam at the causeway last night was insane. i had one friend who took 8 hours to clear immigration. 8 hours can fly to sydney liao. did people pee into cups in cars?..im so happy i stayed home. truly...shared by someone who left genting for singapore at 1400hrs. -lauren tan, who shared this photo...  ', 'victim of singapore super-long-weekend...[ by my friend dave, who is currently stuck in a jam at the second link]..half of singapore is overseas, i think. one bunch are in malaysia. another bunch are in indonesia (mostly bintan, bali and batam). a third bunch are in bangkok. and some are in japan...im here in singapore. i feel like i have a huge bed to myself. so much space!', 'sunset over the boardwalk, changi beach. singapore, home truly.. ...', 'meanwhile, at the ndp..   ', 'why the this year ndp song mostly oh oh oh one? ran out of budget to hire a lyricist ah?..   ', 'ramli sarips rendition of our national anthem was moving and awesome. it is the best version of majulah singapura ive heard in a while...my family stood and sang with him and the nation...   ', 'wow, i just realized it is 2019 and it has been ten years since "what do you see" by electrico for the 2009 ndp, and also the tenth anniversary of the parody lekuasimi by the mrbrown gang...here you go. enjoy...trivia: the car used in the shooting of this music video was a pi can noto and it belonged to ryan. it has since been scrapped because its ten years was up. we shall miss it so...the local car scenes were shot at the road at the back of my home. and the prata place near my home is still there. check out the nokia n95 (or was it n96?) in my hands. that is indeed an ancient piece of tech...  ..original song: ', 'if you are looking for a sweet comedy with great music, yesterday is exactly that. no frills, straight up fun...the wife and i laughed and sang (under our breaths because we were with others in a cinema) and had a rollicking good time...himesh patel sang the covers himself. wow. and lily james is so charming...i am buying the movie when it becomes available. this one is a keeper...i stayed till the end and sang along till the last beatles song...  ', 'happy national day, singapore. im home, both literally and metaphorically. and i  can not think of a better place to be... ', 'liddat oso can ah? hahahaha!..liddat.sg. at 08:59 ..if you  do not know this face, we  do not want to friend you...but seriously,  do not chao turtle... be more sensitive to other races can anot?..cc. mrbrown.', 'gently kicked my clothes into a pile on the floor. missed and hit my smallest toe on the corner of my bed...media1.tenor.com.media1.tenor.com', 'fast and furious:  was reasonably enjoyable, if a little long at more than two hours...the spinoff proves the franchise  does not need vin diesel anymore...i spent a little too much time wondering why hobbs  does not suffer from rope burn or how he could hold a helicopter down with chains, but hey, its a superhero movie disguised as a car movie...also, not enough vanessa kirby, who stole the show askard shaws badass sister. princessgaret is a fine actress and a credible action star...idris elba in his fancy transformers motorcycle showed he would have made a great james bond. they shouldve made him the next 007...now give me fast and furious: calvin and hobbes.....media2.giphy.com.media2.giphy.com', 'kim huat is at skillsfuture festival x smart nation in suntec! 3rd to !', 'kim huat is going live at skillsfuture festival x smart nation soon! stay tuned! come online and say hi!', 'this divided the internet today. (ok ok, the people on the internet were divided over this.)..solve it. discuss.', 'spotted by my reader, colin. ', 'check out the skillsfuture festival with smart nation from 3rd-! suntec city, west atrium, level 1....kim huat and becoming digital ready', 'seen on a netflix sci-fi show, another life, westerners discover the alien fruit on the moon rambutan. whats next? space durians?..via: ', 'i received a early version of the tom bihn synik 20 and decided to review this new backpack from tom bihn, due sometime in...thanks to darcy and team for sending one over to me so quickly, all the way from seattle to singapore...(all opinions are mine, and i did not receive any payment for this review, nor was i told what to say.)..a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat received an uncle t-shirt for his birthday. . .he took a look at his life and decided that he  did not want to be an uncle, but a hunkle! or even a huatkle!. .this awesome sweat-activated uncle to hunkle t-shirt can be yours too! find out how here: ..', 'when you turn 50, its downhill all the way, man. darn it, i wish i could grow a beard. i think i look quite nice with one. i should go for facial hair implants. other thoughts: i look like my mom. more other thoughts: why do i look caucasian when aged?', 'some days, i glimpse another side of faith. ..mrbrown.com.a glimpse of heaven', 'reflecting on turning half a century...mrbrown.com.fifty', 'peaceful saturdays, with no drama, are the best things ever. mom cooked dinner with the help of my two younger brothers. my wife had time to work on her hobby in the afternoon. my youngest subjected me to endless youtube videos of k-pop boyband nct acting cute.. .faith went for a walk with my mom just before dinner and her little cousins played in the playground. in the kitchen, as i scooped out the soup into the big bowl, i felt the absence of sey yi and felt a sharp pain in my heart. we will miss you dearly.. .after dinner, we had some birthday cake, and the adults had a sip of yuzu wine and nikka 12. followed by our favorite chinese dating show where we all give our loud brutal assessments of the contestants. my youngest brother, my sister-in-law, joy and i lingered a little longer to keep my mom company for the night.. .as joy and i walked home, talking about instagram stuff, we saw the ice-cream man. joy was very excited and we bought enough for the entire family. we were his last customers for the evening. it was a good day.', 'update: she could be referring to a singapore in africa. google it.  does not change the fact that she  did not so her homework...-..therefore, if you get a piercing in a poorer country like singapore, you have a much higher risk of getting aids, hepatitis or a severe infection...youve got to be kidding me. soxna, have you even been to singapore? poor country? and do you know how strict our hygiene and health standards are?', 'went to apple jewel changi airport this morning for a sneak preview. the staff here collectively speak 11 languages, including sign language. wow, that is nice...they also have a specially-designed photo walk for jewel, if you enjoy photography. you can try that and other today at apple events when it opens to the public on saturday...small trivia: apple jewel changi airport is the first apple store inside an airport anywhere in the world. steady lah.', 'kim huat looks into the world of tattoos to find out if they really make people criminals...a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'this made me think we should play ..19 arrested for playing their phones out loud on the bus and mrt...contribute yours below.', 'kim huat watches the legit scariest movie he has seen this year and thereafter feels the need to elore his life choices.  link: ..bit.ly.kim huat and the uncle movie', 'a photo of the wife and i after my speaking event for  ..with  tung soo hua, last sunday, taken by the event photographer.. .when i told her i was speaking at this event, not only did she come down herself, i found out later that she sent out messages and asked others to go too. her quiet support moves me.. ... .:k lee', 'kim huat attempts the  do not try this at home! trained professionals did this!..a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'whatsapp, instagram and facebook all having problems with images. please go and read a book or talk to a human being face-to-face. thanks...   ', 'when the sinseh is treating that shoulder pain of yours and you are trying not to cry manly tears...media1.tenor.com.media1.tenor.com', 'when you want to save on the ikea delivery..(real or not?  do not know. saw it in one of my chat groups. gosh i hope it isnt real. haha!)', 'thanks for the fun afternoon at the ..event, with tung soo hua , 958 dj lingzhi and  today! so happy to be soo huas guest on stage and sharing stories, and listening to esteemed scriptwriter  stories too.......', 'ill be at this event tomorrow (sunday 3-5pm) at stephen riady auditorium, ntuc centre. registration is free (link in post). drop by if you are interested and be my guest (hur hur), thanks...mediacorp channel 8. at 09:00 ..be our guest! join us at this exclusive sharing session, and meet presenter ms tung soon hua, along with special guests, celebrity influencer mrbrown and award winning tv scriptwriter, ang eng tee!..event information:.sunday,, 2019, 03:00 pm - 05:00 pm.stephen riady auditorium  singapore, ina boulevard, singapore 018989..register  ', 'sorry ah. i turned off this thing and it made a post. of course i  do not have business hours. im here all day, 24/7. sometimes i sleep. but even in my sleep im here. love you all. ..messenger.mrbrown updated their business hours.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "kim huat reads the news, video edition, for ...for more of kim huat's much-loved audio podcast, listen at:.anchor: .spotify: .apple podcasts: ..a production of mrbrown.com", 'enjoying a drink or three at one of the finest whisky bars in taipei,  larrire-cour (a.k.a. backyard). ted, our bartender sat with us and introduced/tempted us with their extensive collection of whisky...nothing like being with old friends on a lazy trip like this: just eating, drinking and talking cock till the early hours.. ...... larriere-cour ', 'be he was from grabfoot', 'mrbrown travels: jiufen old street, taiwan..mrbrown shares the sounds of jiufen, the little town that inspired studio ghiblis spirited away...a production of mrbrown.com...  ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: jiufen old street, taiwan by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'remember kiddies, the mala burns twice. once going in. the second time going out...  ', 'all aboard. yilan station, taiwan.. ........', 'when one of your buddies just learned to use the superzoom feature in instagram', 'crawling the night market, raohe, taipei.. ...  ', 'limpeh smells the sng buay, limpeh must buy the sng buay.  ..  ', 'according to the international rules of instagram influencers and cute cute xmm travel photography, it is necessary to take a photo of bubble tea when in taiwan. so here is mine.. ...  taipei, taiwan', 'off to taiwan with my best buds. laterz.. .(surrounded by kids. halp.). ...', 'kim huat elores the implications of the new gps-based erp system going live in 2020...a production of mrbrown.com', 'are we there yet? (yoichi to oshamambe, hakodate line.). ......', 'the  show: conversations (with apple wwdc scholars) ..kim huat meets two apple scholars, singapore polytechnic student dalton ng and dunman high student lim yong, at apple worldwide developers conference  2019, and asks them what they did to score such a cool trip...link to podcast: ....the mrbrown show: conversations (with wwdc apple scholars)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with wwdc apple scholars)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with wwdc apple scholars)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..see more at.anchor.fm', 'stay classy, assoc prof muhammad faishal ibrahim...(in case you  do not speak sarcasm, let me be more obvious. this was a totally dick move by him.)', '.... ...', 'wistful...(yoichi to oshamambe, hakodate line.). ......', 'taking off at sunset, narita airport. it has been a blast, japan. ill be back. . ...', 'come! sing with me the yodobashi song!..(look look see see only!)..   ', 'be happy. live life fully. and dance like you have the entire cabin to yourself...  ..(seconds after this was filmed, a lady came into the train and i wasnt the only one in the carriage anymore. good thing my timing was perfect.)', 'on the jr hakodate line, kutchan to oshamambe, . .these gentlemen were my traveling companions for most of my journey from yoichi to hakodate. we rode this local train through sleepy towns that mainly thrive in the winter ski season.. .the smart ones had bottled drinks with them because no train lady pushing a service cart would come for the nearly five hours it took to get from yoichi, home of nikka whisky, to hakodate, home of the mountain night view.. ...', 'sunset over rice fields, higashikawa. ive been chilling in my favourite town in  spending time with friends. it also helps that this is the view i get in the evenings, nearby.. .life here is slower but gentler. the artistry and cultural vibe of the town wraps around me like a warm blanket on a cool summer night.. .i never tire of returning to this little gem near the second largest city of hokkaido. it is like an old friend, warm and familiar.. ...', 'my train went by a building with the name yamaso. and my brain immediately sang, yamaha, yamaso by modern talking...  ', '.me and this mountain,.we have a thing, you see..she calls me back.time and time.again..it is hard to resist.her song..even the snow lingers,.as if unwilling to go,.despite the coming of summer..i know her ponds,.her limpid pools of blue.like eyes looking for my soul.. .so i return..i spend the day..and we listen to birdsong.together.. ...', 'travel views like this make me want to travel more. that light is even casting a golden hue into my room.. .funny backstory: i was editing this photo when i fell asleep briefly in the room and had a nightmare.. .small flying ants suddenly flew in swarms into our home when i was talking to the wife. i clapped my hand and they were so many dead in my hand. i was shouting at anyone in the house to help me close the windows. nobody came. i closed them myself. i was still shouting in the dream as i closed another window...then i woke up from my intense 30-minute nap.. .i hope i  did not shout out loud in the hotel room or someone may call the cops haha!. ...', 'this is the face of a man who flew more than ten hours from san jose to tokyo, then landed and jumped onto a train/shinkansen/train for another five hours.. .it is the look of a happy man who likes taking trains and eating bento on board.. .it is the look of relief at finally being able to check into his hotel room, put down his backpack, and have a bath.. .it is also the look of delight at seeing a konbini open nearby, so that he can buy his snacks and drinks before retiring for the night.. .this is mrbrown. he loves planes, trains and automobiles. ships too, actually. and soaking in his japanese bath. be like mrbrown (if you like the same things).. ....', 'the physical suica i always use when traveling to japan now lives in my iphone. i transferred it over easily. now i can tap my iphone to pay for public transport, konbini, and vending machines...i top up this digital suica via apple pay...can singapore ezlink cards do that too? that would be useful...suica on iphone works in eress transit mode, which allows you to use suica without face id, touch id, or passcode. just hold your iphone or apple watch next to the reader without having to wake the device or open the app. neat!..  ', 'goodbye, san jose! its been a blast! see you soon!  ', "kim huat reports from san jose, where he and mrbrown attended apple's wwdc 2019. ..and a battle with  gjjb..special thanks to michael josh of gadgetmatch for shooting for me!..a production of ", ' do not play play. i got three-storey building one...benjamin "mr miyagi" lee is at mr. brown coffee.. at 131  taipei, taiwan ..wah, mrbrown your cafe three storeys ah?', 'i had the chance to see the new mac pro and the pro display r up close, in professional work setups, and i wish i had work needs pro enough to justify these machines. simply gorgeous.. .the computational power of the mac pro is simply insane for the price. and i have friends who do professional video work that are eyeing the pro display r with relish, because it meets their needs at a price point that is way lower than whats out there right now.. .i am glad the mac pro not a trash can shape anymore. this new casing is just more practical.. .....  san jose, california', 'i had the chance to see the new mac pro and the pro display r up close, in professional work setups, and i wish i had work needs pro enough to justify these machines. simply gorgeous.. .the computational power of the mac pro is simply insane for the price. and i have friends who do professional video work that are eyeing the pro display r with relish, because it meets their needs at a price point that is way lower than whats out there right now.. .also, i am glad the mac pro is not a trash can shape anymore. this new casing is just more practical.. .....', 'you can now enter your own minecraft world in the new minecraft earth app, via ar...my kids will love this... ', 'mac os catalina will support side car: extend your macbook pros screen with your ipad. and even use pencil with your mac via that ipad!..thats it. im carrying both my 15-inch macbook pro and my ipad pro when i travel now... ', 'i need that new apple pro display r in my life but i fear i can only afford the stand...you can connect up to two pro display r screens to a 15-inch mbps, or up to six pro display r screens to the new mac pro... ', 'mac os catalina will simplify the increasingly clunky itunes. now videos will go to tv app, podcasts will stand alone in its own app, and itunes will go back to managing music only. sweet... ', 'finally. new mac pro!!!  ', 'the new photos tab on ios 13 looks awesome. and airpods will be able to share. audio.  ', 'ios 13. faster face id unlock, smaller app updates and fast app launch. and dark mode!!!  ', 'welcome to wwdc! new watch faces on watch os, new apps like voice memos and calculator, and app store native on apple watch.  ', 'spent some time chilling at apple park visitors center a day before the  keynote. a couple more hours before the  madness begins. chuffed.     apple park visitor center', 'here is the youtube link of the debut episode of .. (be my guest) in case you missed it on tv: ..on the toggle version, you can get english subs: ..i watched the season premiere of be my guest with my family via instagram live, even though i was 13,655km away in san jose and my family was watching in singapore. it was like a family screening. i could hear the laughter and comments from my brood in the background...we even got a surprise guest joining us haha', 'on a 6.10am flight via tokyo, to san jose for apples  see you all in a day or so! i have not slept for more than 24 hours (since 6am yesterday) so excuse me as i sleep for the rest of this flight......', 'just finished being on hello singapore , channel 8, with  to talk, about her new program, .. ( it was live tv, at prime time. in chinese. yikes. ..since so many of you asked for the link to this interview, here it is: ', 'kim huat and millennial slang 2019. kim huat is back with more millennial and gen z slang for a new year. get with the program and stay woke.', ' tung soo hua and i, being interviewed on capital 95.8fm, about her new program, .. (be my guest).....mediacorp capital 958  was live  with dj zhong ming  and 3 others.. at 192 ..  tung soo hua  mrbrown ..dj zhong ming .95j qiqi ', 'i will be on 95.8fm at 7.30pm to talk about my chinese interview show, be my guest that airs this sunday at 9pm, channel 8. if you have a thing called a radio, you can tune in. or 958 fb live also got.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'former presidential hopeful tan kin lian publishes his nric number, email address, mobile number, and date of birth on his page (i have redacted the information because i am a kind person)...then his singpass is blocked after multiple login attempts by a stranger.  ..me, asking on a friends post: what if someone uses his info to take a loan from a loanshark?..roger tan: nobody will use his name la. sekali lose your deposit how?..that is a savage burn. kudos...p.s. you  do not need to use your nric number as your login name for singpass anymore. you can change it.', 'fyi, i am on channel 8 on  , at 9pm, interviewed by the lovely  tung soo hua, on the debut episode of her new program, .. (be my guest)...my first time being interviewed in chinese. a little nervous to be watching this on tv. haha!.. tung soo hua. at 22:23 .. mrbrown ....629 8.. channel 8 stories .mrbrown', 'i  do not care if your brand of lightning cable is armoured or reinforced or kevlar. all i want is a lightning cable that can withstand use by my teen children...teen-proof lightning cables. sure sell one.', 'in the midst of visiting relatives and friends, sightseeing and eating, it is good to pause and take in a sunset from a kelong in the north natuna sea.. .the owner of the kelong we are standing on did not have a lot of education. but he certainly had gumption and he knew how to rear fish. he now owns the kelong business as well as a few islands.. ...', 'lives and destinies are built on the kindness of others...before we departed, my sam pak (third uncle) gave specific instructions to his three sons, find the family of a particular man. give them this money...back in 2002, when sam pak (third uncle) and two of his sons came to see the man, he had already passed away, so they met his wife. this time, in 2019, his wife had already passed away, so we had to find his children...sam pak (third uncle) told his sons the name of the man. my  (paternal cousins) gave the name of the man to our relatives in terempa. it was csi time...on the last day of our trip, they found his son and daughter. mission accomplished. they could now fulfill his fathers wishes...we then heard the story behind the man my sam pak (third uncle) wanted found...during the japanese occupation, the man taught my sam pak (third uncle) how to fish and where to fish, to feed the family. at that time, other sons were somewhere else, and my mm suk (fifth uncle) was too young, so it fell on third uncle to find a way to feed the family...give a man a fish, and he will eat for a day. teach a man to fish, and he will save his family from starvation...the mans son even remembers the scar sam pak (third uncle) got from fishing. he said, i was a boy then, but i remember the long scar on your fathers leg...this was a time when chinese indonesians were targeted during the japanese occupation. ethnic chinese had to register themselves and pledge allegiance to the japanese. many were arrested or killed by the occupying japanese forces to smother dissent...in the conversation, we discovered the man also helped to hide our mama ( or paternal grandmother) from the japanese, which is how he became friends with sam pak (third uncle)..in a time of turmoil and war, against all the odds, and in the face of tremendous adversity, family members, friends and strangers helped one another, rising above race and religion...to know this is to be grateful and humbled. that we do not get where we are now, and where we will be in the future, without the good deeds of others in the past.. ...', 'going home..i am in terempa, riau islands, in indonesia and this is where my father and his ten siblings were born. no words can elain the profound sense of history and gratitude i am feeling being here.. .i am sitting where my fathers mother, my ma ma  lived. part of me wants to kiss this ground where i sit. but i settle for touching it with my fingers and placing it on my heart.. .i met my s (yee pak, or second uncle) daughter, my  (paternal cousin. she is the lady in red).. .my late father was the third youngest of eleven children. he was  or sey suk to most of the cousins.. .our merry band is led by my  (mm suk, or fifth uncle) who is the youngest son and second youngest sibling. without him, this trip would not be possible because he has all the ties and knows all the relatives here. when he walked through the streets, we had to stop for him to meet and greet everyone in town, like a celebrity.. .and i also visited my my  (second uncles wife) herself, at her home. she is 90 already. the home she lives in is 55 years old. still in its original form. strong wood floors, unfazed by age.. .word got out to the village that we were visiting, and someone said, she was so excited, she bought a new mat for the house.. .i could see a few tears in her eyes as she saw us off at the door. she has not seen my mm suk for 33 years already. we told her we would see her again the next day.. .terempa is the capitol of anambas region in the riau islands. my uncles, aunts and paternal grandp are nots came from here. my grandfather came from  or shun tuck, in china. we are  can notonese.. .but we are also of hardy indonesian island stock. it used to take my third uncle nine days to get to singapore by sampan.. .this is the first time many of us cousins are traveling together. and its made doubly signifi can not that this is the first time many of us have ever seen or set foot on our ancestral home. if you made a tv series out of our journey, it would be called .. .back then, life was hard. children were often given away because families could not afford to keep all of them. but mm suk said my nonya grandmother was firm and insisted no one would be given away, without her, they may have been separated.. .it was not easy to get here. we came by ferry via tanjung pinang. then a one hour flight from tanjung pinang to matak. then from matak, we took a speedboat to terempa that took 20 minutes (it would take 90 minutes if by pong pong, the boat bus).. .we started out at 9am and finally reached the island at 4pm. it was like the amazing race...but i was finally home.. ...', "my photo essay of my recent trip to spain with the wife, with more photos than the original instagram/facebook post. enjoy...brown.eosure.co.the browns go to spain in spring - mrbrown's photo stories", 'just had my sprained shoulder fixed by my sinseh. it probably came from sleeping in a bad position on the plane coming home from spain. i was in pain the entire week...as the sinseh dealt with my stiff shoulders, the sound of multiple cricks could be heard, and he said, wah. bad. no wonder youre in pain. ...it is my bodys way of telling me that my uncle body is no longer suitable for long-haul economy flights...', 'the mrbrown show: conversations (with scott wightman) ..mrbrown has a chat with his excellency scott wightman, the british high commissioner to singapore, at his official residence, eden hall. we chat about his four years in singapore, the elephant in the room a.k.a. brexit, and what he is doing next at his next gig. scott will be succeeded as british high commissioner by ms kara owen cvo.....the mrbrown show: conversations (with scott wightman)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with scott wightman)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with scott wightman)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..see more at.anchor.fm', 'beauty through the ages...mrbrown. at 18:47 ..ms brown and ms miyagi through the years.', 'ms brown and ms miyagi through the years.', 'i have to admit, i look pretty cute....', 'for your sakes, i, mrbrown, woke up seven early eight early on a monday morning to go see japans js izumo helicopter carrier...it is a thing of beauty. this is the second time the izumo is here in singapore and my first time visiting the vessel...i am told, on good authority, that it does not transform into a giant robot...i am also told it  does not carry jets. i smiled and winked when i heard that...(i have some instastories of the visit on my instagram, go check those out.)', 'partner. best friend. co-driver. these are words that i am reminded of when i travel with the wife.. .i travel a fair bit alone. sometimes for work. sometimes for leisure. sometimes for both. but there is something about returning to traveling one-on-one with the missus, something we restarted with the kids now older.. .most of the time, she is happy to let me lead the way. but she jumps in to help when i ask. sometimes she instinctively knows when to cover my blind spots.. .driving more than 2,500km with her on this spain trip, going from seville in the south, to girona in the north, and back again, reminded me of how much we lean on each other.. .i drive. she navigates.. .i approach the toll booths of highways, she hands me the ticket and cash, and takes care of the receipts.. .i try to not get ourselves killed in the crazy streets of madrid, she acts as the second voice of the gps, giving me a heads up ahead of turns.. .i tell jokes, she laughs at them, so i  do not feel so sleepy on the long journeys.. .i play my npr podcasts, and we discuss politics and current affairs while going 120km/h on the spanish highways.. .i try to enter a super narrow, and steep car park entrance in seville, she helps me check that her side of the car is clear.. .she tries not to fart in the car. i let her sleep when she enters her post-lunch sleepiness.. .i order the wine at lunch at the rest stop, she drinks it for the two of us, because im still driving.. .it isnt always smooth, of course. sometimes she misses a turn. sometimes i make a mistake. sometimes we get annoyed at each other. but we always remember to ease off the blame game and focus on getting to where we are going to, safely and in one peace, and in good spirits.. .a sense of humour helps. and a willingness to let love cover a multitude of mistakes. above all, throughout our two weeks on the road, we depend most on gods grace and providence.. .the wife and i are both also on a road trip together for life. we have aging p are nots to care for, young children to raise, and a special needs firstborn who is now entering adulthood. we know that even though we have driven many miles together for the last two decades, we know we have miles to go before we sleep.. .and we are thankful for friends and family who help us in all sorts of ways. nobody does this alone.. .there may be google maps and apple maps now. and apps that help you book a hotel or tell you where to eat. but nothing can take the place of a companion, a friend, and partner-in-crime.. .i cannot think of anyone else id rather be on the road with, than my wife.. .....', 'this is the face of a woman who has been hankering after paella for the last few days.. .wheres my paella? she asks, with her wheres my paella? face.. .it will arrive. it takes about 30 minutes to make. if you go to a not-so-good restaurant, they use cold cooked rice to make it instead of cooking it from scratch, i elained.. .i  can not say i blame her, i was also hungry after a full day of walking, museuming and cathedralling in sevilla. and we missed lunch. so this 5pm meal was a very late lunch.. .the seafood paella finally came and it was really good and tasty. it had generous portions of fish, prawns, and squid, and even two small lobsters.. .it had better be good. it cost me 34 for the pan for two. it was going to be one of our last meals in spain so i  did not want to let the wife eat something less than good.. .not every meal needs to be eensive, of course. weve been eating in some pretty low-cost places and enjoying the food there too. spanish food rocks so hard. simple ingredients, fresh produce, great taste.. .did you know, for example, that most of the olive oil in the world is from spain? yes, even the ones you buy in italy. and spain makes great olive oil. im not even an olive oil person but in spain, im dipping my bread in that stuff all the time. so so good.. ...... seville, spain', 'thats it, said the man, and he walked right in front of my shot as i was taking a photo of the wife in the alcazar, seville.. .he decided my photo shoot was over and just walked past. i wasnt even taking very long and i  did not know he was there. but as he walked by, i instinctively went, chow turtle!. .actually i said many more hokkien words but they  can not be printed here.. .at least i got my shot.. .i showedc nair some of my photos over imessage and he said, is that a game of thrones location?. .issit? i replied.. .it looks a bit like dorne.. .i checked online and indeed, the alcazar was where they filmed the water gardens of dorne, private estate of the house oftell.. .damn. i am good. and the background was slightly blurred!c replied.. .miyagi said, house oftell, isnt that a karaoke lounge?. .i have so many corny nerd friends. but then nerds of a feather, flock together.. .....', 'postigo del aceite, seville, spain.. .........', 'travel is full of surprises. just like life. sometimes you have to roll with it. sometimes you just enjoy it. in this case, it was the spanish-speaking host of our apartment in cuenca who told me to drive my car to the multi-storey car park nearby and to get back to the apartment, take the lift to the seventh floor and walk back down. it was a shortcut, he said.. .we did all that with google translates conversation function. i thought i heard wrongly. i mean, sure, i understand driving down the hill to that dingy car park with the dodgy tunnel entrance. but why not just walk back uphill to the apartment? why must take a lift to the seventh floor and then walk down? how is that faster?. .but i listened to him anyway. drove to the dingy car park. parked it on the first lot i saw on the second floor. then took a lift to the top floor, floor 7. then i came out and saw this view.. .what the.. .i messaged the wife back after taking a few photos.. .you  will not believe the view from the top of this car park, dear! come, i show you!. .imessaged the photo. .the wife replied, wow! i want to see!. .and so i went back to the apartment, and took her back to the car parks seventh floor via the short way and we enjoyed the view together.. .then we realized we stayed too long, and it was getting super cold, and the small town may not have any more restaurants open anymore at 11pm on a sunday. so we rushed back to the town square to look for dinner.. .phew. still got one restaurant open. and the food was good too. heng ah.. ......', 'today, as we tucked into breakfast in hanso cafe in madrid, the wife said to me, my lip balm isnt working very well for me. it makes me lips dryer.. .then i replied, with concern, oh, you better stop using that then. and get a new one that  does not give you a reaction.. .i found one, she cheerfully said. did you know your eye gel works great on my lips?. .you used my eensive 10ml tube of eye gel on your lips???. .but it really works well leh. takes away the wrinkles and moisturizes.. .i give you money later. you go to the farmicia and get a good lip balm, ok?. .i am generally a sharing husband but i draw the line at personal skincare products.. .side note: we only become flat white and avocado on toast hipsters when we travel. it costs too much to be a hipster in singapore.. .....', 'woke up in madrid. saw this instagram post by tom holland and went into full geek-out mode. new spider-man trailer! yasssss. then realized my son has already watched and liked it. because he is six hours ahead in singapore and is an even bigger spider-man nerd than his old man...i projected the trailer onto the hotel tv and watched it with the wife. then i did a little dance and squealed when i watched it. then told my wife. oh no. i am like my son! no, my son is like me! we are both giant nerds!....(warning,  do not watch this trailer if your  have not watched avengers: endgame.)', 'for us, travel is random. we decided to go to cor, catalonia, on a whim. we had no regrets.. .we had planned to visit montserrat after barcelona but the rain made that idea impractical. no point walking around montserrat on a day that was pouring. so i said, lets try girona.. .we ended up in the small village of cora in a b&b named after the owners eight-year-old daughter. leo, the owner, is a superb host and told us all the sights in the area.. .we originally planned to stay for a night but ended up with another night because the room was so nice and there was so much to see in the neighbouring area of northern catalonia, like peratallada, monells and begur.. .matildas is a old spanish house with rooms that had terraces and a basement room that used to be a stable and where a well was. we chose to stay in the basement room. it was like our own cozy cave.. .in the mornings, breakfast was on the highest floor, and we were welcomed by pomelo, the owners dog, who would wait for us at our door and then lead us to the breakfast area upstairs. once in a while, he would turn back to make sure we were following him.. .then the wife would play with him and he would sit next to us, looking at us with his wet eyes, hoping for a bite.. .enjoy your breakfast but  do not feed him, haha, leo said to us, obviously used to his dogs habits.. .the wife was very taken by pomelo and i had to remind her not to be swayed by his persuasive ways and not to give him any of her breakfast.. .at night, we had dinner at one of the five restaurants in the tiny village. walking through the medieval streets of carrer del mur and carrer major made us feel like we were in some game of thrones episode. okay, maybe without the scary dragons and the night king.. .....', 'wife, who is very good at chinese, typing a message to a colleague in chinese: hmm, what is the chinese word for professional? i blanked out for the moment. .me: .. .wife: wah, thats right! since when your chinese so good?. .me: secret training.. .never stop surprising your spouse. its one of the secrets of a lasting marriage.. .also, never underestimate the power of a glass of good spanish wine to unlock the deep recesses of your mind.. .....', 'what some people will do for a selfie. please  do not. your life is more important.. .....', 'we spent a lovely three days at the wonderful hotel torre barcelona (thanks, giorgio and mercedes!). nestled in the quiet residential neighborhood of valldoreix, it was a haven in barcelona. it even had a great italian restaurant next to it, run by the hotel owners...in the morning, just before check-out, the wife and i were discussing where to go next. we never know where we are going until the day itself...then five minutes later, im planning our next destination alone. she already zzz on the hotel bed...at 10am...haiz.......', 'grcia station, barcelona, spain...........', 'me (on the train): ok, we are going to enter  now. beware of pickpockets, hold on to your bag closely, and zip it up.. .wife: ok. you should zip up too.. .me: oh. zips jeans up discreetly. .......', 'station announcement in the barcelona subway: ..i look up and see fontana...orh...    ', 'the missus and i recently restarted traveling together again, as the kids are now older. we are now cavorting in spain as a couple, as you may know...the wife and i have known each other for 30 years, and been married for more than 20. and even now, there are still things we do that annoy the other person...thats why this video resonated with me, and why kim huat and i agreed to work with income on this film, on what it means to show true care...it isnt always obvious, the care we show our loved ones. watch the film to understand what i mean. enjoy...income. at 11:00 ..in relationships, do we judge our partners too quickly? do we get too caught up in the little things that we fail to see the bigger picture? sometimes, showing care for our loved ones might not be as obvious as we think...how do you truly care for your family? find out more at ', 'wife: oh! so many spanish oranges! do you think they can be eaten?. .me: look! one just dropped! ill go get it! peels valencian orange for wife. .wife: can eat or not ah?. .me: im sure can. here, have a slice. nice or not ah?. .wife (eating an entire slice): so sour!!!. .me (nibbling a bit): ya. sour hor?. .lesson of the day: not everything that grows on trees is good to eat.. ...... valencia, espaa', 'me, driving for the last three hours: dear, i think thats a message from the place we booked. can you read the message from my iphone to me?. .wife: ok. oh, your phone is locked. let me unlock it first.. .waves my iphone in front of my face. .me: eh. use my code, use my code. im driving leh!. .wife: oh ya hor.. ......', 'me: why  do not you get a jar of the strawberry yoghurt from the breakfast table and we share?..wife: ok...minutes later, after she takes a spoonful...wife: i think you get your own...    ', 'just when you thought baked beans is just a singapore western food thing, they serve it here in spain too. its a thing...    ', "life-size replicas of columbus's three ships: the nia, the pinta and the santaa, at muelle de las carabelas (warf of the caravels), la rabida, spain.. ......", ' pro tip: always have think tank red whips cable ties with you. they are made to manage gear cables but they are also useful for tying other things...i always have one in my backpack. i should have packed some more...  ', 'i woke up this morning in andalusia to this and enjoyed it to the max because i knew the rest of my day will be spent in the power briefings for the ifa global press conference. breathe in. breathe out. ok. breakfast time. then into the fray we go...the day kicked off with our yearly host david graveline, and his dulcet voice. and then philips kicked things off with a few announcements...this coming ifa in berlin, philips is coming out with a device for snoring relief...my wife will be the first to buy this for me...also cool, philips is launching the s7000 shaver at ifa. for men with sensitive skin. me! me!..chinas tcl was next. i  did not know that tcl is the market leader in 55-inch tv panel production. they plan to be the same for 65 and 75-inch panels...yes to cheaper large-screen tvs...chinese appliance company haier showed why they acquired the candy group to grow in europe...haiers data shows that 65% of users use the quick program mode for laundry. so they added nine quick programs to their new washing machine and an app that allows you to determine which mode to use with just a photo of your laundry...german tv manufacturer metz introduces itself to a younger generation not familiar with their brand, metz blue...metz is now owned by chinese company skyworth. and skyworth is one of the brands that is number one in china. that elicited a laugh because there are many brands in china that claim to be number one in one way or another. meanwhile, metz classic, the high-end brand, will enter china for the first time...safera, the fire prevention company showed the three common things people forget when cooking. and is introducing a sensor that can work with your stove for fire safety...hisense gorenge, the result of hisense of china buying gorenge, the major appliance manufacturer from slovenia, is launching an 8k uled tv at ifa this year...the home appliance and tv market seems to be seeing a lot of new innovations this year...ok. time for lunch...   ', 'after a long red-eye flight from singapore to frankfurt in economy, in the middle seat, sandwiched between two aunties, followed by a three-hour layover (thank you, lufthansa lounge and your showers), then a three-hour flight to seville, then another one-and-half-hour coach ride, i am finally in barcel punta umbra beach resort, in andaluca, spain.. .my room is big and comfy. the view is something else. weather so far is sunny and yet 18c, like aircon temperature. i opened the window of my balcony to let the cool air in and turned on some music.. .i say how adequate the iphone xs max is for playing music out loud in the hotel room? im playing some tatiana manaois and jennifer chung tracks right now.. .ive set up shop in the room, my usual practice of setting up all my gear and toiletries, and hanging up my clothes. and also did some light laundry (the clothes i wore on the plane have to be washed). im a bit of a neat freak traveler and i have my rituals.. .dinner time soon.  can not wait.. .......', 'andrew is right. this is not mob justice or trial by social media. this is thank goodness for social media. if it wasnt for social media, monica baeys appalling situation may not have seen the light of day. it shined a light on how lightly nus and the authorities treated her case. nus fell short and they need to fix this...silence cannot be an option for sexual misconduct and sexual harassment. the victim-blaming also has to stop...andrew loh wrote:.i really beg to differ with the writer of the letter below. he has got it wrong...monica baey did go to the police..monica baey did go to the nus management..they - nus and the police - did take action...monica baey took to social media after the action was taken which she felt - and now even ministers and mps agree - are "manifestly inadequate", to use the phrase by education minister ong ye kung, at least as far as nus\' action is concerned...this is not trial by social media...this in fact shows how important social media is for change to happen...there have been a reported 25 similar cases in just the last 3 years in nus...app are notly, something is seriously wrong and was let to continue for a long time - until perhaps now, thanks to monica\'s courage to hold the nus and even the police to account...if there were no social media for her, what could she and victims like her have done? keep silent, move on... until the next victim goes through the same thing?..and lastly, the "dangerous precedent" the writer speaks of is in fact not what social media has done, but what the nus has done - dealing leniently with perpetrators with a ridiculous 2 strike and you\'re out policy or practice... would not what is dangerous and puts all students, especially female ones, in danger...and i\'d like to add that this is why the upcoming anti-doxxing law should deserve our scrutiny - for the perpetrator could use the proposed law against their victims like monica who speak up against them on social media...read what lawyers said yesterday about this:.', 'bye bye, warm and humid singapore! i am heading to better weather in andalusia, spain, for the annual ifa global press conference!..frankfurt first, then sevilla. see you all in 13 hours or so.. .......', 'just finished watching  with the fam. wow. just wow. all the fewlings. i  can not even. i have no words. but i have closure. i need to process this. talk to me in a few days.  imax theatres lido', 'ok. im gonna be offline for the next three hours.  laterz.', 'kim huat reflects on the case of the nus peeping tom who was caught shooting a video of a student showering in the ladies toilet...a production of ', 'school of the arts.. .....', 'the lone tree of bedok north. ..(ok lah, he is not really alone. got some other tree friends nearby.)', "big thanks to benjamin for this surprise gift, an awesome ondeh ondeh cake from ade's homebake. the  is to die for. so yummy! you can order from their facebook page...if youll excuse me, im gonna have another slice before my wife finishes the entire thing.. .", "the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  - the jewel..it is time for another mrbrown and mr miyagi talk cock sessions. miyagi is at the jewel at changi airport, and describes singapore's newest icon to mrbrown.....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  - the jewel by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor", 'the many iconic fountains of singapore...update: i made it to reddit, at r/singapore. my life is complete.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'no wonder the day felt so warm and muggy. 34c??? and its well into the night already, but still 31c. ', 'i got an alert from gfycat congratulating me for hitting over 3.82 million total gif views on gfycat. then i went to check my profile to find this gif of mine clocking 2.7 million views. where did the views come from???..wow...', 'facebook, instagram and whatsapp are down. my teenage children asked me, how, papa? how?..i told them, be of good courage. stay strong. live on...   ', 'its fine...[shared by  on reddit]', 'more like "korkor has your backside, ready to screw you over."   ..i wonder how much my tickets can fetch.."want to watch endgame one full day before anyone else? with your loved one? in lido imax? look no further!..korkor have your back! 2 tickets lido imax on ! price: only $10,000!..whatever it takes."', 'i forgot to mention that ive been rocking the new apple airpods 2 with the wireless charging case: since before the nyc trip. very nice to use. pairs faster than the first-gen airpods and longer play time due to the h1 chip. and hey siri works too.. .oh, those are my new socks from the met, as promised to some of you who wanted to see what designs i bought at the metropolitan museum of art. this design is the mondrian one.. ..', 'more details have been found after further zooming into the recent supermassive  image.', 'my pre-root canal, post-anesthesia face...the left side of my face has no feeling. if i drank a cup of water, i would drool...and i am talking like minister midas. not by choice.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'the streets of tokyo with a little fujifilm camera..some years ago, i bought a little white fuji natura classica film camera. it was a delight to shoot. so was the the natura 1600 film. sadly, both camera and film have been discontinued.. .i shot this roll of natura 1600 film around 2011 and forgot about it. only when i decided to develop my rolls of film in llab, vietnam, did i see what was inside. in fact, i have 20 rolls of film from that vietnam run, mostly black and white. this was my only colour roll.. .so enjoy my little street photography from the past. it certainly brought back memories and the feels for me. i think i need to go back to shooting film again.. .see the rest of the photos at: . .............. tokyo, japan', "mrbrown's in-flight movie mini-reviews:..1. project gutenburg: not bad.2. kung fu league: unwatchable..", 'o captain! my captain!. .......', 'central park and the met, nyc.. .....  central park', 'having an intense literary discussion with hans christian andersen (sorry, i thought he was lewis carroll earlier, i hope hans forgives me).. ........', 'e 42nd and vanderbilt, new york city. ....', 'a look inside radio city music hall at the crowd that came for . .and i snuck in a photo of my lovely wife...yer jalan atthirari anni. shekh ma shieraki anni.. .(moon of my life. my sun and stars.). ........  radio city music hall', 'entire. cast. on. stage.. .just before the  premiere gala screening began.. .they gave us a bow. we gave them a standing ovation.. .it was a hair-stand moment.. .........  radio city music hall', 'just finished watching season 8, episode 1 of  we are so excited. now i  can not wait to watch episode 2!..live coverage brought to you by singtel readyroam.    ', 'we took our photo at the massive throne at 30 rockefeller plaza, like all the fans and then went back to change into our evening clothes. this is one of the rare moments you will see me in a) a shirt and b) a jacket. so you know its a special evening.. .big shoutout to  and  for the chance to attend the premiere tonight.. .side note: i have been posting updates via  readyroam, which has proven to be a reliable data roaming buddy in the us.. . from sg to nyc with live coverage of the nyc premiere of game of thrones.. .........  30 rockefeller plaza', 'they put a massive throne at 30 rock for the  premiere gala and it is a thing of beauty. i am about to watch the first episode of the 8th and final season. . . from sg to nyc with coverage of the nyc premiere of game of thrones.. ........', 'at  queuing to go in now. live coverage brought to you by singtel readyroam.    ', 'its a lovely sunny spring day and we are off to collect our tickets for tonights  gala. there was already a queue there at 11am but queues  do not deter purebred singaporeans. because we are house kiasu.. .nobody out-queues us. nobody.. .oh look, the hbo souvenir shop. the wife just went inside. die lah...-. . from sg to nyc with live coverage of the nyc premiere of game of thrones.. .......', 'we are finally in new york city after more than 24 hours in the air (ok lah, we spent four hours of that in the ana lounge in haneda). it took us almost two hours to clear immigration at jfk. as rachel in crazy rich asians puts it, changi airport "has a movie theatre and a butterfly garden! all jfk has is salmonella and despair.". .another hour or so in a cab driven by a driver who told us stories about his home country, turkey (he has been in the us for twenty years), we got to our hotel in times square. and our first order of business? get food.. .outside of italy, nyc is one of the best places for some good old italian pizza, i think. so this is us, having some joes pizza for lunch. or supper, if you are in singapores timezone.. .by mid-afternoon, we were fading. jet lag is a pain for us older folk. i was going to suggest going back to nap but the wife dragged me into a pharmacy (what is up with women and american pharmacies?) and an h&m.. .tomorrow,  gala!  can not wait.. .......  times square, new york city', 'wandering around nyc before the  gala tomorrow and saw this most authentic singaporean brasserie in manhattan. really so tokong meh?..and oh, hello from new york city!........', 'sunrise, tokyo.. ..', 'the missus and i are off to new york city for the  gala! stay tuned for more updates! thanks to  and  for this wonderful opportunity!..   changi airport terminal 2', 'happy monday! remember todays mantra:  do not make your problem to be my problem...(also, be kind to one another, whether you are a private hire car driver or a passenger.)', 'so this is the malaysia flying car that entrepreneur development minister redzuan mohamad yusof a.k.a. redzuan musk, was so excited about...i am surprised tun m could keep a straight face...  ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', ' dragged across concrete, an old school crime drama...mrbrown.com.see what show: dragged across concrete', 'kim huat sings - lao liao is that way...anchor.fm.kim huat sings - lao liao is that way by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it is the first day of term 2. one week break is over. school has reopened. the kids are back in school...thumbs.gfycat.com.thumbs.gfycat.com', 'late night bus ride.. ........', 'scenes from hwa chongs 100th (actually chinese highs, but we hwa chong jc old boys and old girls pretended it was also ours)...it was wet. it was loud. it was hot inside those tents. but it was great to meet old jc friends again.', ' reads the news - ...also available on spotify: ..apple podcasts: ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat wants you to vote for the top total defence troopers of the land! check out the categories and pick your favourites now! .. ..a production of ', 'this is the cyberdyne robot suit i tried at an event hosted by the japanese cabinet, where i learned about the measures and technologies deployed by japan to deal with threats and disasters. you can read more about it at my blog: .. .', "kim huat's three tips to help you stand out at work. there is more to skillsfuture than that $500 skillsfuture credit. kim huat tells you more...check out other initiatives: ..check out the relevant links below:.....a production of mrbrown.com", 'what? no more streaming? kim huat is shocked and needs to think of what the future holds...a production of mrbrown.com', 'whatsapp, instagram and facebook are all currently flaking out. the facebook family of apps is app are notly facing a severe worldwide outage. for the time being, please draw a picture of your meal to show your friends what you were eating. thank you...', ' reads the news - ...you can also listen on spotify: ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'today my buddy derrick asked me, dinner mai?..and i replied, let us go then, you and i..then my brain completed the rest with, when the evening is spread out against the sky...then i smiled at my own little literature joke...once a lit nerd. always a lit nerd.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'mommy and a happy faith on the bus home after service. next stop, lunch at home.. ...', 'chow recruit, you better senang diri properly unnerstand? you think you very  issit? whole lot knock it down!', "kim huat and the mahathir water. what is the secret of singapore's rapid development and success? is it in the water?..a production of mrbrown.com", 'er, no thanks, nsa.', 'had a great time with my family at  hardcore fans of the mcu will enjoy the easter eggs in the movie. stay for the credits (like i need to tell you by now). looking forward to avengers: endgame! ', 'start your marriage right...mrbrown.com.have a wedding you can afford, not the wedding that hotels tell you you should have', 'kim huat and the malaysia flying car. kim huat wonders what the upcoming malaysia flying car will be like...a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ruary 2019...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'watch out, ladies. the magic finger of the world is coming.', ' reads the news - ruary 2019...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'i am rather surprised and happy my old but pristine panasonic sl-ct800 discman still works. this very slim portable cd player was the bees knees back in the day, circa 2003. even the remote still works. i powered the panasonic with an old sony discman 4.5v power supply i found in another box.. .i connected the sl-ct800 to the pair of sonos play:5 gen 2 speakers in my living room via a 3.5mm line cable and boom, music in the home.. .the reason i dug this old tech out of the drawer was because i had this cd by the college fund street band, made up of the fong siblings. i bought their cd after watching them perform at san francisco ferry building some years ago. and i wanted to listen to it.. .i know. who still uses cd players anymore, right? but i have cds that  do not exist in apple music or spotify (i know, thats hard to imagine), so this discman will be nice to have around.. ..', 'so er, is his name lee boh chin?..ok ok, i kid. do keep a lookout for this guy if he is in your neck of the woods. youll never know what he is up to necks.', 'kim huat and the 2019 budget. kim huat gives you his top thoughts on the 2019 singapore budget.', 'kim huat and the silent singapore crisis. kim huat addresses a crisis that threatens the very fabric of singapore society...a production of mrbrown.com', 'elections ai lai liao.   ', 'tried these today. creative technologys super x-fi amp, and the rest of their sxfi range. intrigued...will try the rest of the super x-fi  to see how well they fare. the soundstage created is pretty impressive. as is the surround sound (they call it audio holography)...i also have a pair of sxfi air headphones, their bluetooth cans with the sxfi tech inside...i love testing new toys.', 'kim huat and digital defence. in a world that is increasingly connected online, kim huat believes a robust digital defence is necessary to prevent enemies from attacking our digital resources, stealing our personal information, and having his minecraft password stolen...   ', 'the mrbrown show: a matter of degrees...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: a matter of degrees by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat and alita: battle angel. kim huat visits wellington, new zealand and the weta folks, to find out how alita: battle angel was made..  ..a production of mrbrown.com', 'sigh.', 'malaysian vessel polaris langgars greek vessel in singapore waters. this is what happens when you send a kopi licence vessel that  does not know left from right (or port from starboard), to trespass in another countrys waters...eh. want to langgar please langgar in your own waters lah.', ' reads the news - ruary 2019...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', '30 seconds with kim huat: ..  ', 'a blessed year of the pig to you all, from our family...this year, we are reminded of how important family ties are. and how our bonds see us through thick and thin, like a tapestry that weaves our stories together...you can choose your friends but you cannot choose your family. they are a part of you. they are in your blood. flowing from one generation to the next...we all find love and peace within our families in this year and beyond... ', 'kim huat sings a cny song. to demonstrate his powerful chinese, kim huat sings a special  song for you!..get the vertical mobile edition to share with your friends via smartphone: ..  ', 'the horror. the horror.', ' reads the news - ruary 2019...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'hey, thats a funny joke. comparing the malaysian incursions into our waters to drinking from our kopi! hahaha!..wait. it looks familiar. oh ya. its my joke.', 'hey, thats a funny joke.ie condo! hahaha! wait. it looks familiar. oh ya. its my joke.', 'the mrbrown show: the bicentennial cny song. a song from mr miyagi,c nair, and mrbrown, to celebrate the bicentennial. ..a production of mrbrown.com', 'happy to have my key collaborators,c nair, benjamin "mr miyagi" lee, reunited for a day. we have been through 14 years of the mrbrown show together. looking forward creating to more silliness ahead.', 'kim huat reads the news (video edition) - . with special guests, benjamin "mr miyagi" lee ac nair...written and performed by: mrbrown, mr miyagi ac nair...a production of mrbrown.com', 'a full monday at work. im not done yet. still have video editing to do. but soon. sleep will come soon.', 'tidying up with kim huat. kim huat shows you the joy of cables and dongles...a production of mrbrown.com', 'if you  do not declutter,ie kondo will send in her other clean-up crew:ies kommandos...[via ]', "moe just released a tvc for their recruitment campaign for teachers.  it is something close to my heart, because mom was a teacher for more than 40 years. she was not just a mother to us, but a teacher at school as well as a teacher at home...which means that we, her sons, got scolded, encouraged, and taught, just like she scolded, encouraged and taught her own students in school. mom was the quintessential teacher. she was strict, but fair. she was fierce, but cared. she always let her love for teaching and learning shine through. i have met teachers who have shaped me profoundly  and i hope we're able to continue finding those who will shape others.", ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'eh mothership, you mean mahathir calls singapore waters off tuas international waters in debate with spore oxford student..disputed simi disputed.', 'a review of the sonos beam on my blog, and a giveaway of a hay sonos one at the end of the review. (details in the blog post.)..mrbrown.com.review of the sonos beam (with giveaway!)', "you're welcome.....todayonline.com.food products containing alcohol exempted from liquor control laws following review: mha", 'singapore car owner ..sobs at the memories', 'i  did not really want to do the  but sifting through my photographs gave me much to reflect upon...mrbrown.com.what does ten years or more look like?', "kim huat and the cambridge exams. kim huat, singapore's number one super chief examiner, takes cambridge to task for their carelessness...a production of mrbrown.com", ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'it seems this  challenge is now an in-thing. so i also join in:..the "how hard did aging hit you" challenge ..upload your "first ever" profile pic and your most recent profile pic right next to it...ok, so, how hard did aging hit me?', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'seen by mom at blk 128, lorong ah soo: these people are very irresponsible! they just dump their rubbish downstairs so that they can have a clean house! they have a very poor sense of responsibility. i wish i can put back all this rubbish into their house. i feel sorry for the cleaner...mom is right. please lah, want to cny spring-cleaning also not like this, right?', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat and the crooked bridge. kim huat wonders why our neighbour\'s leaders keep wanting a crooked bridge between singapore and malaysia. with special guest, fakkah fuzz! (and offscreen calefare, mr benjamin "mr miyagi" lee!)..special thanks to fakkah fuzz! you can check out his awesome work at:.site: fakkahfuzz.com.instagram:   .sg bookings: fakkahfuzzcomedy by:.  and  by:.ryan kwok..edited by:.mrbrown.-----.a production of mrbrown.com', 'savage comment of the day. the sarcasm, oh how it drips.', 'salted egg fish skin haiku.---------------------------.what the fish, we said.how come she got fried lizard,.we buy one  do not have?', 'kim huat and salted egg snacks. kim huat thinks we can have more variety in the salted egg snack category...a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'til: a baby born today is likely to see the year 3000, which is only 81 years away. to the next millennium and beyond!..update: man, that whiskey was strong.', 'school reopens tomorrow . so who  has not wrapped their textbooks yet? you have today left.', 'this model of car must have a lot of space around it then can function.', 'home.', 'we give thanks for little miracles.......mrbrown.com.a mrbrown family trip miracle ', 'inside dunno got sell thor-sai or not.', 'i am in hawker food and mao san wang heaven.. ...... gurney drive penang', 'my new toy, a custom zhnged super famicon themed gba. with a  sp  backlit screen and a micro-usb rechargeable 1,000mah battery inside. and my favorite gba game inside: advance wars.. ......', 'somebody had too merry a christmas, methinks.', 'blessed christmas to you all! youve been awesome fans!..media1.giphy.com.media1.giphy.com', 'watched an early preview of  on the 11th of, and it was awesome. g1 transformers ftw. finally, a transformers movie that the fans deserve. please continue in this direction. we can forget the last few movies took place. thanks...if i had any complaints; the movie  did not have enough g1 optimus prime and the other guys. but then, the movie is named bumblebee...', 'hmmm. i wonder if my led light is fully charged already...turns on light without thinking it through first:..led full blast right into my eyes..aiyeeeeeeeeeee!', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "kim huat and malaysian eggs. kim huat looks at factors that affect singapore's egg situation, eloring the four pillars of food security: availability, access, utilization, and stability...what does singapore do, moving forward? how does the domestic politics of malaysia impact the self-sufficiency of our tiny island nation and the availability of pomfret for chinese new year reunion dinners? what are the threats to our egg supply and how do we bear the yolk of our vulnerabilities?..this, and other deep academic thoughts, by kim huat, singapores foremost eert in being hungry all the time...a production of mrbrown.com", 'in case you  did not know, there is a kim huat sticker set in telegram. i just eanded it today and it now stands at 48 stickers. you can add it via the link below. or search for the sticker pack "kimhuat".....add sticker set kim huat on telegram..add sticker set kim huat on telegram..see more at.telegram.me', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat elains ils. kim huat muses on the singapore-malaysia ils spat over the airspace near seletar airport and pasir gudang, and takes the malaysian minister of transport, anthony loke siew fook, to task for his (lack of) understanding of the instrument landing system, and basic aviation principles...kim huat also looks at the nuances between using obstacle assessment surfaces  and obstacle limitation surfaces  to determine safe minimum heights for approach, departure and circling procedures, as per international aviation standards...kim huat goes on to dwell on the operational measures that can be taken to minimize the impact of the tall buildings and creatures, on aeronautical safety...a production of mrbrown.com', 'bit my lip while unlocking my iphone xsmax screen with my face...face id still recognized me in my excruciating pain face...impressive...note to self:  do not try to unlock my iphone with my face while trying to chew my lunch. brain not able to multitask that well.', 'if  were chinese, the sharks, seahorses, and other seafood, i mean, sea creatures, will be gone case.', ' from my friend sivasothi:  do not get juiced-jacked using public charging stations. his friend kena her smartphone contents stolen this way in china...use your own powerbank is the safest!', 'for those who always kena  for your packages.', '..finally, a great dceu movie. i loved wonder woman but  was even better than that movie. it just rocked from start to finish, like a big, wet, roller coaster ride...its like furious 7 director james wan threw every ridiculous idea at it, but somehow it worked. even the drum-playing octopus and the oversized, angry, war seahorses...people clapped at the end of the movie. thats how epic it felt. most importantly, it was fun...you can see some of the familiar tropes in it...its a shakespearean/black panther movie. its a treasure hunt movie. its a chase movie. its a love story movie. its a revenge movie. its a monster movie. its a lord of the rings, battle at helms deep (deep, geddit?) movie...simisai also in there. its like james wan decided, heck, there may not be another aquaman movie so lets go to town with this...and it went to town indeed. there are moments when you think, that is so stupid but that is also so cool. and then you laugh at the sheer audacity of it...the best part is, it  does not matter if you  did not watch any of the previous dcu movies, or you are trying to forget them. there was like, one reference to steppenwolf and then we got sucked into aquamans story...like a fast and furious movie,  do not overthink it. just go along for the ride...its a little long, at 2 hours and 22 minutes, so make sure you pee before going in. or all that ocean water cgi will make you wanna pee...', 'i received requests to make my have you taken your medicine spam to my wife into a gif so it can be used in messaging and comments. so here it is, the extended cut:....media0.giphy.com.media0.giphy.com', 'kim huat and the malaysian incursions, part 2. kim huat shares his considered take on the singapore-malaysia spat over maritime boundaries, in the geopolitical dimension of maritime security and how this dispute impacts territorial claims and international law in the region...a production of mrbrown.com', 'when the wife is sick and you message her to remind her to take her medicine.', 'good sunday morning to you all. when you  can not decide if you want black or white, why not both? ', 'the wife and i really really enjoyed charlie lim live at star pac. the mothership band was also awesome. and weish! wow!..it was a pleasure to see such art and craft, all original, all local. i hope charlie inspires more young musicians in singapore to reach for the stars. perhaps the morning star.', 'kim huat and the malaysian incursions, part 1. kim huat had a few drinks last night and became an eert in international relations and maritime boundaries...warning: contains strong language.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'er', 'spider-man: into the  is the best spider-man movie ever made. why  can not the live-action versions be this good?..it has the action, the humour and a self-awareness that is fun and refreshing...miles morales is the spider-man we need and deserve. i wish there was a standalone spider-gwen movie too...totally watching it again with my son, who is a spidey fan...oh, stay right to the end after the credits. its avel movie, you should eect that...', 'when you  can not find the words to describe the fugitive jho low...(via kairin simo on fb)', 'kim huat wonders about the upcoming smoking ban in orchard road...a production of mrbrown.com', 'my friend walter h jennings interviewed me for his podcast influencers today. check it out...influencerstoday.com.13. in singapore with mrbrown  influencers today', "the photo essay of my trip to taiwan inis up. enjoy...(best viewed on a big screen!)...........brown.eosure.co.hualien & taitung: hidden gems - mrbrown's photo stories", ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat watched disneys ralph breaks the internet, and reminisces about his old internet life. what old memes and internet things does he remember? number 3 will shock you!', 'behold! the  is on! thanks to jer bear for starting this epic battle!..mrbrown.com.miss universe singapore 2018 photoshop battle', 'kim huat and the nus-iss stackable graduate certificate programmes...kim huat tells you how you can huat your career and stack your way to a graduate certificate, a professional diploma, and even an nus-iss masters of technology degree...find out more here: ', 'its wednesday for you guys but its monday for me. because i just came back from a family vacation.', 'really enjoyed our three days at montigo resorts, nongsa, batam. we shall return! our family had a whale of a time in our two super-big 2-bedroom villas.. .......', 'the browns are on a short  we may not be able to reply right away, so please a comment after the beep. thanks. beep. .....', 'can we please not have ccs in every news photo of likely-to-be-pm heng swee keat? its not like kee chiew is the royal consort or something. thanks.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'dr amy khor: stall rentals do not directly affect food prices".', 'type i was born and let predictive text write your autobiography. go!..mine:..i was born in the first half of my last book and now im still in love with my wife. the only thing i would like to see is the day i get home.', 'was sending a message to friend to tell him about the us itunes black friday sale...wanted to type, so many titles!..typed too fast, came out, so many titties!..i hope he  will not be disappointed when he goes to the itunes store.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "got money to buy ferrari, but still cheapskate and take remytin louis xiii crystal glasses that cost a few hundred bucks each...focs is stand for ferrari owners' club singapore or ferrari oso cheapskate society?  ", 'home. sunset on a saturday.. ..', 'mother and daughter.. ..', 'the hawker life is hard and tough. and it is just about to get tougher...(video edition of the podcast. for more podcasts, go to )..a production of mrbrown.com', 'video version of the podcast...mrbrown. at 192 ..the hawker life is hard and tough. and it is just about to get tougher...(video edition of the podcast. for more podcasts, go to )..a production of mrbrown.com', 'the mrbrown show: hawker centre blues....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: hawker centre blues by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'wow thats a long time ago. with ieatishootipost and benjamin "mr miyagi" lee...the long and winding road added a new photo to the album liew lian, liew lian.. at 07:49 ..blogfathers sideline?', 'having some fun playing with the colourful iphone xrs (all six colours!),  series 4 and the new 2018  the third-gen 12.9-inch and 11-inch usb-c ipad pros.. ......', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'kim huat wants to intro you to a friend he admires...thanks to my friend, chris ng physique, for being such a sport...a production of mrbrown.com', "it must have been a fun national day parade that year. nobody wanted to address the gorilla in the room...i still  can not tell if that laziness figure is a real person or a mannequin...in 1974 when singapore eerienced high inflation, the ruling people's action party created a float promoting efficiency and diligence. -bbc..(first seen on bbcs coverage of sg50 by tessa wong: , and recently on singapore cursed images.)", 'today i bumped into a familiar kungfu lady. you may remember seeing her in the kungfu fighter, hidden sugar series of videos from the fight diabetes campaign. and maybe you also remember my silly re-dubbed version of one of the videos: ..i was so thrilled to meet her that i just had to take a selfie like a starstruck fanboy. its not every day that you meet a  in real life!', 'check out the new apple 2018 12.9-inch ipad pros new 18w usb-c charger. so small and foldable, it fits in my jeans pocket.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', "i was interviewed by malaysia's lovely yangbaobei when we were in taiwan for a big trip with a roster of international travel influencers. ....(my bit was at the 25 mark.)..youtube.com.feat     ", 'happy deepavali! its a public holiday today and we decided to take faith out to town for a little outing.. .it  does not take very much to make her happy. an mrt ride to dhoby ghaut, a little window shopping, a snack at mos burger, and then another train ride home.. .she was all smiles today. and that made us smile too.. .', 'the sheer number of cctvs in my lift and lift lobby alone. nuts.', 'thank you all for coming to my talk at the national library! it was great to share my stories with you!. .sorry if i  did not get a chance to speak with all of you guys more after the event. it was so wonderful to touch base with you!..post our photos in the comments below!. ..... national library board, singapore', '20 minutes to my talk at the nlb. chuffed.', 'farewell  hope to return to your lovely coffee and landscapes soon!. ...... wellington, new zealand', "kim huat mulls over algorithms and their impact on our lives, after catching cna's two-part algorithms documentary...go watch it free at:. (part 1). (part 2)", 'brunch and dinner today in  french crepes and a flat white at cafe breton and a pills rob burger (mushroom, bacon, blue cheese, aioli and onion jam) at ekim burgers (with a side of squid rings and strawberry banana shake).. ...', 'this is mrbrown believing his weather app that  weather tonight was 11c and underestimating the cold...when it was actually 9.2c with wind chill sending temperatures down to a feels-like of 6c...good thing he carried another sweater in his backpack, and his beanie and gloves..... ', 'this  i am going dressed as the singapore public transport councils biggest bus and train fare hikes in years.', "enjoying some good ol wellington coffee. sweet as.. ...  fidel's cafe", 'wellington coffee is better than melbournes. discuss...  ', 'for some reason, new zealanders, sorry, kiwis keep telling me i have a sweet ass.', 'just felt the 6.7 richter earthquake that happened in north island, here in wellington. stuff was moving. i dropped under the table. but nobody else did. felt a little silly...thats my second earthquake this month. last week it was taiwan. yikes...  ', 'mrbrown. at 17:22 ..spent the day at weta workshop doing the wonderful the weta cave workshop tour, followed by sessions where we learned what went into the making of alita: battle angel.. .needless to say, i had a blast looking at and touching all the props that went into my favorite movies like lord of the rings and district 9, and was also blown away by the work that they put into the . .i am so happy to be invited to this event by 20th century fox.. ......... weta workshop', 'spent the day at weta workshop doing the wonderful the weta cave workshop tour, followed by sessions where we learned what went into the making of alita: battle angel.. .needless to say, i had a blast looking at and touching all the props that went into my favorite movies like lord of the rings and district 9, and was also blown away by the work that they put into the . .i am so happy to be invited to this event by 20th century fox.. ......... weta workshop', 'this was me last night, hours after landing in  having a monique burger and a strawberry banana milkshake for dinner at ekim burgers. it was a relief to have a proper burger instead of the awful maccas i had for my first meal in new zealand...i feel the ekim burger brought me comfort in the cold, wet and windy evening that welcomed me to wellington on my first day and made me feel ready to tackle my next few days visiting weta and park road productions for .  .i am as chuffed as a cyborg warrior to be part of this event. thanks 20th century fox for the opportunity to be here for alita..  .:   ...... wellington, new zealand', 'wind chill, thy name is wellington. brrrrr!..  ', 'update: the crew was very helpful and proactive in helping me solve the headphone hum problem. thanks guys! but yeah, these old planes, with old screens and no power sockets, need upgrading, man...now in melbourne airport awaiting the next leg of my flight to wellington. the silverkris lounge here is pleasant and has hot food. a welcome thing at 6.15am in the morning.....once more into the skies. see you all in wellington, new zealand in about 13 hours. i am flying to nz via melbourne.. .good news: i am on an sq flight with great food and service.. .bad news: the plane is a 777-200 with no power sockets or usb ports, and a tiny low-res screen. and my headphone port is emitting a low hum in one ear. die lah. 13 hours flying liddat. hope they can fix the hum with an entertainment system reboot.. ...  changi, singapore', 'somebody spiked ronalds coffee today...(via ', 'donald trump says he  does not use unsecured iphones that china and russia can listen in on.', 'i loved the travelling cat chronicles so much, i watched it twice. the first time by myself. the second time with the wife. and im not even a cat person...the movie is adapted from the novel by hiro arikawa, and it takes us on a road trip with a young man named satoru and his cat nana...actress mitsuki takahata, who was kahoko in the tv series overprotected kahoko, plays nana the cats voice. and yuko takeuchi, who was sherlock in hbos miss sherlock, plays satorus aunt...a sweet movie, lovingly shot. it made me want to visit all the places in the movie...bring some tissues...', 'in case you are interested, a little talk at the nlb by me. ive not done a talk for a few years now, so it should be fun to catch up...sat, 3 nov 2018.the rise of the blogfather', 'home.. ..', 'hawker in dunhua, daan district, taipei. . ......', 'i love this drone shot of all of us, at the hills of the cilamitay , tribe, in the southernmost hualien. it was a pleasure to meet new travel friends from taiwan, hong kong, thailand, japan and malaysia.. .some of you asked for photos of our lunch in cilamitay, so i also shared a photo here.. .we had some archery time too, because hunting wild boar is part of the tribes way of life. i managed to hit the board, but missed the boar. i guess ill make a lousy hunter.be i can be the tribes poet.. ......', 'thanks lta, for buying those $1,500 benches that are slanted and high, and are uncomfortable to sit on, so we can enjoy sitting/leaning on those abominations for the next 20 years.', 'my constant companion in my travels: the tom bihn synapse 19. this navy one has been with me the longest. it took the mini-truck with me as i visited the beautiful home of the cilamitay , tribe, at the southernmost tip of hualien...the landscape here is breathtaking and we learned about their culture, art and also ate their food. i particularly enjoyed their millet wine , a potent drink that is a little too easy to drink and like...if you visit the indigenous lands in taiwan, do respect their homes and culture and  do not behave like a boorish tourist. the tribes are very friendly and lovely people. so be friendly and lovely yourself too...ok, sermon over. enjoy the photos........... ', 'my taipei pilgrimage, i must always must go to eslite.......', 'one moment we were having our bentos and heading towards taipei in our 5.30pm train from hualien, and the next moment they stopped the train and told us there was an accident ahead and we will be delayed...turns out that at 4.50pm, the puyuma eress 6432 train from taipei towards hualien derailed near xinma and we cannot proceed. 18 dead so far. and 160 injured. a horrific tragedy...we were on the train heading to taipei, coming from the opposite direction...thank you all for your concern. our party is safe and sound...we waited patiently for about three hours in our stalled train and we are now in dongao station, about two stations away from xinma station, waiting for buses to take us back to taipei.', 'few things make me happier than riding a bicycle, and on this trip, i rode the yufu bikeway from yuli township, which took me to the fault line created by the collision of the eurasian and the philippine sea plates...it feels really humbling to stand there. a tiny human on tectonic plates that can move the earth.........  ', 'spent the morning in the rice fields of yuli township in  it is really an awesome view. we even had lunch in the middle of it all. we ate with our stomachs and our eyes........  yuli, hualien', 'i really love liyu lake. i shall return........', 'today, i put on my wetsuit and went paddling on an sup (stand-up paddle) board. for me, it was more of sit up paddle but it was still fun. liyu lake, in hualien, is gorgeous and the waters are serene and peaceful. it is perfect for this activity, especially for beginners, because the lake waters are still and not salty (so you  do not get sticky)...it rained a little at first but soon the skies cleared up and we really got into paddling. we even had tea and snacks on our boards, in the middle of the lake. a floating picnic, as it were. fun stuff... group photos and photo of me by:   ', 'my office view today: the pacific ocean from chingshui cliff trail, taroko, hualien..............', 'i am in hualien after a two-hour train ride from taipei! so many new travel friends to make. next stop, lunch!........', 'i just watched cold case, the japan edition, on the flight to taipei. caught 2 out of 10 episodes so far. wow. good stuff...i love that it takes place in kanagawa prefecture too. i recognize landmarks from places like yokohama, which i visited not long ago...and excellent cinematography and color grading work makes the series look so filmic...lead actress yo yoshida has so much presence. id watch her boil water...the series came out in 2016. how did i miss this gem?..i heard there is a season 2 this year. shiok...  .', 'so i heard youtube was down earlier. i think gdp growth went up by a few percentage points...', 'off to taipei, then hualien, taiwan! see you in a few hours! thats my seven early eight early face.....', 'how to have a heart attack: walking to the bus stop and the app says 2 minutes for your bus to come...then suddenly it says arr...', 'the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi) ...mrbrown and mr miyagi are in another secret location, for another talk cock session over drinks. miyagi brought a list of headlines he collected.....listen: ..the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor..see more at.anchor.fm', 'i just bowed to the grab driver who dropped me off, after i got out of the car. i really got to stop watching my jdramas and spending time in japan.', 'small pro tip: iphones like the x, xs and xs max, beep, then beep again, to indicate fast-charging mode is on...this happens when you are using an apple usb-c-to-lightning cable and a charger that supports usb-c pd (power delivery)...then your iphone will go from 0-50% in about 30 minutes. after which it will charge slower for safety reasons...you can use the apple usb-c chargers that come with macbooks or macbook pros (also sold separately), but there are also third-party chargers that work with fast-charging...someone asked me what non-apple chargers support this. pictured here are some non-apple chargers i use, that support iphone fast-charging. they are from innergie, energea and anker... do not use non-mfi certified usb-c-to-lightning cables. the cable must always be an apple usb-c-to-lightning cable, which comes in 1m or 2m lengths...currently there are no third-party usb-c to lightning cables which are mfi-certified by apple yet, but that may change down the road.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', '30 seconds with kim huat: ...', 'photos from the recording of the podcast "conversations (with mr benjamin "mr miyagi" lee) "..podcast link: ', 'mrbrown and benjamin "mr miyagi" lee have another one of their talk cock sessions, this time at their favourite izakaya in singapore. which they will not name...over good japanese food and shochu, they discuss where chop chop curry pok came from, a wine fair that brown went to, post-psle school activities, mr miyagi\'s school pool shenanigans, and ecas (now called cca) they did when they were in school.....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'meet my new gaming rig. the razer blade 15 (on loan nia, ok?)...it is in the process of being steamed. also in my test list, the new kraken tournament edition with thx and its own usb sound card. and an atheris signature black edition mouse. its been a while since ive done a windows 10 setup......', 'good news: your childrens exams are pretty much over...bad news: now you wait for the results.', '30 seconds with kim huat: ...', 'i finally retired my hardworking 2013 27-inch imac and moved to this new 2018 i9 15-inch macbook pro. i thought you might like to see what my current work space looks like. sorry for the mess. its been a crazy week...it took a while to set up because i needed to get some pieces first, like the caldigit ts3 plus thunderbolt 3 hub, so that my older accessories and thunderbolt 2 hard drives could connect to the new thunderbolt 3 port of the mbp...but it is all set up now and data migration is complete. gotta love time machine. i was able to set up the mbp in the midst of working on the old imac...i may change the monitor soon but the lg ultrafine 5k display is really eensive. so im still looking at other options...and no, the new i9 macbook pro does not overheat or throttle like those early reports said. works just fine after the mojave update.......', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'former presidential hopeful, mr tan kin lian posted this on his fb yesterday, whilst in penang:..i bought tongkat ali. take 4 slices. make several rounds of tea until the flavor is gone. can drink a few rounds daily. rumour dr m takes it. rm 340...hours later, he reached changi airport and the customs officer asked him if he had any tongkat ali to declare...mr tan then posted on fb that a traitor must have tipped him off!..eh, you ownself sabo ownself lah. simi traitor tipped the officer off lah...like this how to have a happy ending?..(note: tongkat ali must declare to singapore customs one.)', 'with the love of my life...(no, we  did not plan the matching outfits. haha!)..: my son', 'if anyone is looking for me, i am hiding under the blanket until the thunder ends.', '30 seconds with kim huat: ...', 'kim huat and the sg bonus. kim huat has a great product for you to spend your  on!..a production of mrbrown.com..music: local forecast - elevator kevin macleod .licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 license.', 'signs you have been in japan too often: your phone rings while you are on the mrt. you mutter sumimasen and leave the train to take the call...in singapore.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', '30 seconds with kim huat: ...', 'story of my life ', '30 seconds with kim huat: ...', 'i am hiding in the air-conditioned comfort of my office and only coming out after the sun sets. or for emergency reasons, like lunch. ', 'a brief psa from kim huat: time to move from whatsapp because ads are coming.', 'this is why drivers often almost kill pedestrians at zebra crossings. the land transport authority tells pedestrians to stop. look. cross. while telling drivers they can just slow. check. drive...when in reality, the onus should be on drivers to slow the heck down. stop. look. look again. then drive...as long as the lta favors cars, pedestrians and other road users are at the mercy of the larger and faster vehicles. the message seems to be, your safety is your hands alone. nobody is going to protect you...thats why you see so many videos from car cameras these days, showing reckless driving, and cars that just turn into green lights without regard for human life, chionging through zebra crossings, and generally being dicks...of course we are responsible for our personal safety, and we must teach our kids things like  do not look at their phones while crossing roads, and so on. but the law must always protect the weaker users first. the hammer must always come down harder on the person wielding the vehicle that can kill...just the other day, there was a video showing an asshat driver dashing across a zebra crossing even though two kids were crossing while holding their hands up, as they are taught in school. some commenters had the gall to say the kids were at fault. this is exactly the kind of driver behavior ltas slow. check. drive. messaging encourages...make the punishment stiff for drivers who  do not put pedestrians first at crossings, and our children can cross the road in peace again.', 'the mrbrown show: no more exams (video version of the podcast)', 'the mrbrown show: no more exams...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: no more exams by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'greetings from benjamin miyagi lee and me. tonight is makan-and-drink night. this is us before miyagis regional colleagues joined us, when we were still sober...word to the wise. you cannot out-drink filipinos.', 'dear p are nots, if your kids and teens are on iphone, you should upgrade to  immediately and start using screen time...screen time is the hero we p are nots need and the dark knight we deserve...if you  have not started using family sharing, now will be the perfect time to do it. set yourself up as the admin, add your kids apple ids to your family, and you will be able to administer their screen time from your own iphone...you will be able to see how they spend their online hours, and control how much screen time they get per app, or per site, or per category of apps/sites...yes, you will be loathed and hated by your kids. but this is your destiny as a p are not. this is your calling. this is the burden you will bear...you can thank me later.', 'when in japan, one must always take photos with train station mascots...i have no idea who these characters are. i am a simple man. i see kawaii yuru-chara, i take photos with kawaii yuru-chara...  ', 'my  red travel cubelet weekend  (l-r, clockwise): joby micro hybrid stand paired with a griptight one iphone grip, keys, shure mv88 lightning mic, q-kit with moment wide v2 lens, grubby old wallet, sennheiser clipmic digital lightning lavalier mic, and innergie usb-c 6000 powerbank...not in photo: iphone x and airpods (in my pocket).......', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'not sure why facebook suggested that i follow, er, myself. i guess i have a lot in common with me.', 'stadium station. iphone xs with  wide v2........', 'home is: a day with mrbrown..mrbrown elores what home means to him, in this short film - a day in the life of mrbrown...it is a reminder to him that a home you love, is a home worth defending...along the way, he is reminded that our nation is like a family and our bonds keep us strong...  ...producer and conception: mrbrown.cinematography and editing: mrbrown..original song " it is complicated".composed by mrbrown ac nair.performed by mrbrown ac nair..a production of mrbrown.com', 'at apple orchard road for the launch of the  and  this morning. met the lovely baby g  of class 95fm........  apple orchard road', 'at the apple store today.', ' updates in progress.', 'waiting.......', 'walking through the fields behind my hotel in rustic  island.....', 'mrbrown travels: from wakayama to karuizawa..coincidentally, i am watching episode 5 of the japanese drama, the memorandum of kyoko okitegami, which takes place in karuizawa...link: ...  ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: from wakayama to karuizawa by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'mrbrown travels: narai and wakayama...  ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: narai and wakayama by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'saw this car on display at wakayama station. its so cute and fluffy im gonna die...  ', 'mrbrown travels: a very blur sotong on sado island..  ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: a very blur sotong on sado island by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'essentially all one needs for travel: powerbank, internet, airpods, favorite camera and japanese tea. and the iphone x that took this photo...(ok, spare underwear, passport and wallet too, of course. it  does not hurt to have an ipad pro for entertainment but its not essential.)..i just got off the two-and-half-hour ferry ride from sado island. i am now on a two-hour-and-16-minute bullet train ride from niigata to nagano. im a little hardcore, i think.........', 'mrbrown travels: mrbrown on sado island...a little hello from me, on the road.   ..anchor.fm.mrbrown travels: mrbrown on sado island by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'ten hours of flying from san jose. four and a half hours from narita to niigata by train. im finally here. japan, im in you. and tucking into my first meal at 9.30pm. note to self:  do not forget to buy food and drinks when chionging for the train...    niigata-shi, niigata, japan', 'goodbye san jose! next stop! japan!.......  san jose international airport ', 'steve jobs theater, apple park.............', 'kim huat goes all the way to apple park to check out the new iphone xs, xs max and apple watch series 4...a production of mrbrown.com', 'and we have a third iphone: the xr, the budget iphone. instead of an oled screen, it is lcd. but still running the new a12 bionic chip...but the main camera is a single camera instead of dual camera. still delivers portrait mode though...', 'dual sim finally comes to iphone xs. but one of the sims is an esim. which currently only singtel supports...only in china will there be a dual physical sim card tray...hopefully m1 and starhub comes onboard the esim train soon...', 'no. way. iphone xs now has editable depth of field. meaning you can now control the bokeh of your portrait mode photos after the photo is shot...', 'the new smart hdr mode powered by the a12 bionic chip of the iphone xs makes some really lovely photos...', 'the new elder scrolls blades game that takes advantage of the new iphone xs and core ml looks really impressive...and the ar arcade galaga game looks awesome!..', 'iphone xs is 5.8-inch and iphone xs max is 6.5-inch with oled screens and a12 bionic 7-nanometer chip...with the max, you get the iphone 8 plus body but with more screen real estate. oooooooh...', 'the  series 4 speaker is 50% louder. great for phone calls...the new back can receive radio waves like the front, so cellular reception is better...the  series 4 can now detect falls with the updated accelerometer and gyroscope inside...once it detects the fall, it can create an alert and send for help...wow. great for the elderly.', 'the new  series 4 has a new bigger screen that is 32-35% bigger than the old watch...and the new series 4 watch face lets you add even more complications...', 'almost time for the t 2018  what iphones and other gear are you looking forward to?..: trevor tan........', 'a little side trip to this place is always necessary when i am in san francisco. its my sf pilgrimage...: ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'its a 6am flight and i am super sleepy because i left home at 3.30am. heading to san jose! see you when i get there! (sorry for the accidental double post.).........', 'its a 6am flight and i am super sleepy because i left home at 3.30am. heading to san jose! see you when i get there!........', 'me: orange jit kee...kopitiam guy: horlick ah? no horlick...me: orange...kopitiam guy: boh horlick leh...me: orleng joo...kopitiam guy: orleng ah? ok!', 'wife: wah you ordered the fish at economy rice stall?..me: because limpeh is a', 'hang in there, p are nots! school reopens in two days!', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', 'almost the last train home.....', 'the three ah peks of the singapore internet. before the shochu kicked in.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show  a podcast on anchor', '', 'a bit regret taking photo with the nun doll... ', 'when a regular mocking is not enough.', ' to all teachers! if i had my way, students will still go to school, and teachers stay home...why students so good life, right? chewren day they also off. teachers day they also off.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'kim huat talks about sexy online content. kim huat wants in on the sexy influencer content market. he promises that he is of legal age...[context: ]..a production of mrbrown.com', 'andy lau now warns others about the dangers of nuclear radiation.', 'kim huat suddenly realizes he is not a young spring chicken anymore and feels old. ..a production of mrbrown.com', 'oh look, 20,000 autoairplanemode spots now in singapore...ministeril puthucheary had said during the committee of supply debate in 2016 that the number of wireless hot spots would reach 20,000 by 2018. there were 10,000 such hot spots then.', 'waiting for the bus to arrive.....', 'dear popular', 'if only psle questions were like so.', "can i just say that the helmet/mask design of our fencers is very badass? so cool...and congrats to team singapore fencing team!..singapore national olympic council. at 13:09 ..asian games update: fencing - women's team foil quarter-finals..berthier amita marie nicolette.melanie huang xinyi.wong jie xin maxine.wong yu rong tatiana..sgp vs tpe.sgp beats tpe 45-19 and advances to the semi-final, which will be played at 1300hrs sgt today...sgp will play either phi or chn as the last quarter-final match is still in progress...photo by sportsg", ' my current mobile audio kit (l to r, counterclockwise):  ambeo smart headset, sennheiser clipmic digital lavalier,  mv88, sennheiser memory mic, and the  boompro headset .....', 'this month, please remind your helper not to place her gloves this way.......[shared with me by friends over whatsapp.]', ' har? tomorrow is public holiday???..also, ', 'so this fella was nine years old when he bought his hdb flat? wah! so young he already saved up so much money ah! respect sia.', 'pm says community health assist scheme  will extend to all singaporeans, regardless of income level, but only those with chronic illnesses...be need to rename to chronic health assist money or cham...', 'we take a break from my coverage of  because my family has to take a long public bus ride home from my in-laws. and i  do not want to use my mobile data for streaming the rally...managing my  and all that.', 'pm on tv: asean is very important to us in these uncertain times where trade wars are happening. particularly relations with our closest neighbors, indonesia and malaysia...me on the sofa: even though dr m can be an asshole sometimes and likes to throw shade...pm goes on to talk about the water and hsr challenges. i go to the fridge and grab a teh tarik potong ice-cream...', 'and now we return from the makan for the england half of the ', 'brother-in-law: when i was a kid, i would cry every time lky gave his national day rally. because he talked until very late, like 11pm, and i couldnt watch the shows i wanted to watch. all the channels showed only him...me: ah kong last time got a lot of thing to say mah, and a lot of thing to scold us...', 'ok. who designed these slides? the white text against a light-green-to-light-blue gradient background, how to read? ', ' start liao! pm is making his speech in malay first. his malay very steady. pms baju very  can notik sia! shiny shiny one!', 'kim huat is at the airport to send team singapore athletes off to the asian games 2018! look! it is joseph isaac schooling, and kim huat is gushing like a fanboi. also at the airport are the swimming team (singapore swimming association) and the fencing team (fencing singapore)...join kim huat in supporting team singapore. go singapore go! win all the medals! now kim huat has to find a corner to shed a manly tear. he is quite emotional about sending our athletes to their competitions...    changi airport t2', 'so many people asked for the video version of this podcast that i had to make one. so here it is, the lyric video of our cyber army songs podcast. enjoy. you may want to subscribe to the mrbrown show podcast to hear more of our audio shows. links below...subscribe to the mrbrown show podcast:..anchor: .apple podcasts: .google podcasts: ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'i think you will die of diabetes before you get drunk, eating tubs of rum and raisin. siao one, this rule.', 'minister midas jin jue lui tries to elain why ministerial salaries should not be cut...a production of mrbrown.com', 'when a few blur sotongs get together, they have ', 'tried to type nasi lemak. came out nazi lemak...no, iphone. i  do not want a rich and creamy fascist. eww.', 'kim huat donated blood for the tenth time and got his medal! he wasnt even scared! giving blood is part of  do your part and keep the blood bank full! check out the community drives happening this national day weekend here: .. ', 'afiq syazani is our cycling hero on this national day. he rode 75.4 km, over 7 hours, on a 3-speed strida evo to make this lion head...he even made it look like the reservoir is water coming out of the lions mouth...i salute you, good sir...   ', 'my family is singing mosquito as the home is playing on  this is my legacy... ', 'mom, during the military segment: if they  do not have enough generals and colonels to march, they can get from smrt...  ', 'i was very happy to have a small part at this years  it was fun to work with gurmit.  ', 'seen near toa payoh hub. oi, is this a national epidemic?', 'happy 53rd birthday, singapore! we thought it might be fun to use the  feature from  upcoming  to send our birthday greetings...memojis are a kind of customizable animoji that will work with iphone x. i really enjoyed making my own. and kim huats...', 'there is nothing quite like the company of an old friend, over dinner with good izakaya food, great sake, in a hole-in-the-wall place at golden mile tower. you will almost think we were in japan together. this is what happens when two uncles need a break from a crazy day at work. dodgy makan places ftw. fun times.  golden mile tower ', 'since im in a marking mood today', 'dear today, i know today is the eve of national day, and we are all in a pre-public holiday mood...but the plural of aircraft is aircraft. and proper nouns like the apache helicopter must be capitalized. also, air forces?', 'i was at peak form more than a decade ago...twelveosix. at 090 ..dun play play hor', 'much as i like lululemon products, guys my size can only wear their offshoot brand, lulumelon.', 'mrbrowns guide to booking a flight on a budget airline or low cost carrier ..1. go to the budget airlines site...2. site is down because they are having a sale and the site cannot cope...3. come back to the site another day when the sale frenzy is over...4. find and book ticket...5. next screen: airline asks you to choose their bundle...6. select flight only. dowan bundle...7. next screen: airline asks you to choose luggage options. skip luggage because you are hand carry only...8. next screen: airline asks you to choose their overpriced food...9. skip food, its only a three-hour flight...10. next screen: airline asks you to choose your seats...11. spend a few minutes looking for way to skip choosing seats because you  do not want to pay. finally find the button. continue without choosing seat. you will chance it because its only a three-hour flight...12. next screen: payment page. you notice your flight price is $20 more than you eected. you begin your csi...13. after a few minutes, you realize the extra $20 is the travel insurance. which was automatically added without you selecting it. and you had to scroll down to find it. you deselect the insurance option. warnings of hellfire and dire consequences are shown. you ignore said warnings because you already have your own travel insurance. you deselect the insurance...14. you notice a checkbox to get an sms alert on your flight. it costs $2. you laugh at the sheer audacity of the airline to charge for a stupid sms...15. payment page again. this time the price of the flight is exactly what you saw when you first booked it. nothing extra. nothing more. nothing less. you choose payment options...16. credit car $10 to $20 per person per flight...17. enets: $8 per person per flight...18. post office or sam or 7-eleven: $5 per person per flight...19. you choose the cheapest option because you want to save money. then realize you  can not because that requires you to book 14 days in advance. you can only choose the credit card option...20. you give up and book a full-service airline out of sheer frustration because it sucks to be nickel-and-dimed, and to have things like travel insurance foisted on you without your knowledge. also, you realize that often, the full-service airline is only a few bucks more by the time you add the options of a lcc airline. and why do you have to pay to pay for your ticket???..21. curl up and cry... ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'im sorry for the radio silence. i opened myutilities bill today, and the bill jumped out of the envelope and punched me in the face twice...the double whammy of the electricity and water hike knocked me out for the day.', "vote for kim huat's cheer for ndp 2018 by pressing like and sharing this video!   ..actually he is not in the ndp18 cheer competition but he  did not want to miss out on the fun...he also apologizes for using the ndp word singapore. but he avoided other ndp words like home and dreams, and one nation and harmony...no hakas were performed in this cheer...download track: ..vocals: mrbrown ac nair.lyrics: mrbrown ac nair.music nair.album: liddat also song..a production of ", ' crawled under my desk to install a new power extension cord and now', 'my weekly weekend ritual with the wife: breakfast at ', 'moment of horror: you are outside, and the iphone battery is at 20 percent, and you left the powerbank charging in the office.', 'mrbrown tries out the video teller machine by dbs/posb. need a replacement atm card? need a banking token? after banking hours? no problem! try this super convenient service!', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'simisai...', 'the mrbrown show:: cyber army songs...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: cyber army songs by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', "i  do not always share music on this page but i really enjoyed this. and im an a cappella fan too. nicely done, 1023!..1023. at 21:45 ..one of our favourite things about singapore - it is a beautiful brew of cultures, influences, and harmony. 1023 may not be native tamil speakers, but we absolutely loved doing this medley of munnaeru vaalibaa and singai naadu, incorporating the traditional carnatic art form, konnakkol...thank you s jesudassan and shabir tabare alam for inspiring local music ..  studios. loveblush hair & makeup co.. raymond phang photography. supertree rooftop bar by indochine. suite sound. interpage pte ltd. agung santoso ongko, amanda poh, rachel lian.: first premiered at arts in your neighbourhood by national arts council singapore..special thanks to nandini kanagaraj, rasanya isabella jacob, sures ravindran and siti nur'ain for being our pronunciation coaches ", 'kim huat thought of the day - cyber security. in the wake of the singhealth data security breaching affecting 1.5 million patients, kim huat shares his thought of the day, on the need for cyber security...a production of mrbrown.com', 'the upper deck of the bus is mine tonight! all mine!..update: ok. the upper deck of the bus was mine, all mine, for all of three bus stops. but it was a glorious three stops.', 'unbeknownst to many, thanos had a hotter younger brother. his name was thermos.', 'deferment haiku..football? deferment.not granted. only scholar.or scientist maybe.', 'is the  final over yet? i need to blink...update: wah. over liao. most entertaining final ive watched.', 'my  commentary is in  can notonese and alan tham is one of the hosts. hotel room world cup viewing time.....', 'a photo-walking weekend with my old classmate and friend, photographer jon she, in hong kong. so good to catch up with him and so honoured to be photographed by him...see the photoset here: ', 'temple street nightket, hong kong.   ', 'happy to be here in hong kong to chat with john cho, michelle la, director aneesh chaganty and producer sev ohanian for ..watch out for my video interview for  in the coming weeks.', 'off to hong kong for a few days. entire row to myself. sweet. and a very good singapore airlines movie and tv selection. most likely ill end up sleeping for the next four hours...  ', 'the wild boars and their coach are all out! hooyah! ..translation: 12 wild pigs and coach out of the cave. safe everyone...this time, waiting to pick up 4 frogs...hooyah', '2 nights. 8 wild boars out so far. almost there. jiayou! ', 'the mrbrown show::  loves yellow...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: kim huat loves yellow by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'this world cup season, the team im rooting for is the wild boars of thailand.the boys and their coach all come out safely...update: 4 officially out, 9 to go! rescuers now on a 10-hour break, rescue to continue tomorrow...', 'newater craft beer? i guess pub put the pee in ipa.', ' escape plan 2: hades..you know, i actually enjoyed escape plan 1. it wasnt a work of art but for a brainless two hours, it was okay. at least it had the novelty of stallone and arnie in it...but chinese-funded escape plan 2: hades, sinks to a new low. they basically took stallones name and plonked it into a shell of a movie that shares the first two words of the title...the cg was a joke. the story was a mess. and the acting was just lots of frowning and sweating closeups of the chinese leads, one of whom is angelababys husband...without arnie, and with stallone playing almost a cameo role, we are stuck with angelababys husband as a member of stallones team stuck in an ever-changing high-tech prison...the chinese leads are prisoners in the high-tech prison where prisoners fight for time in the sanctuary. at one point, the lead actor starts a fight and all the prisoners are zapped. there is a cheapo lightning effect and the cameraman actually shakes to make it look like the prisoners are being electrocuted...that made me laugh out loud...its a movie that you should not even try to watch for free on your illegal china android tv box because you  can not get your money back from the producers to pay you for your wasted time, like an obike deposit...instead of calling it escape plan: hades, they should have called it escape plan: what the hell...you will wish you had an escape plan if you watch this sequel. tellingly, it went straight to vod in the us. i think it should go straight into the vcd discount bin.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'haiku from najib razak..i am not perfect.i am only human and.all were gifts, really', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'japans world cup team, samurai blue, after their 3-2 loss to belgium, left with class. they are a credit to their nation and to asia. good job, boys!  ..from priscillassens , fifa coordinator:..this is the japanese dressing room after losing to belgium in the 94 minute. thanked their fans in the stadium, cleaned up everything (bench and dressing room) and spoke to media. even left note with thank you in russian. what an example for all teams!! privilege to work with!', 'an  haiku..she filled my longkang.with promises. we broke up..she kept my money.', 'kim huat believes  means getting ready for your ippt, even if it sometimes feels like pain. stay fit! stay strong!.. ', 'embracing lifelong learning is part of  kim huat went down to the skillsfuture festival today, and pledged to learn something new!.. .we are total defence', 'took mom to watch the lion king singapore at the gala premiere. it was her first time watching this, and she really loved the music and costumes. and its always a pleasure to bump into  and his mom too.  ', 'after last nights south korea - germany shocker.. ', 'the mrbrown show: the  song. kim huat sings a song for all those people who could not get their deposits back from obike when they suddenly closed shop in singapore...a production of mrbrown.com', 'the mrbrown show:: the  song...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: the obike song by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'obike should just change their name to onowheresmydeposit...the lesson here is,  do not buy packages or put money into deposits...look at what happened to california fitness and those massage/spa businesses who asked for money upfront...let this be a warning to obike users in the rest of the world. obike has suddenly shut down its operations in singapore and now singapore users are trying to figure out how to get their deposits back. if you still have money with them somewhere else, caveat emptor...', 'the golden question on this lovely monday morning seems to be where is my obike deposit and how can i get it back?', "kim huat's first igtv video. kim huat tries out instagram's new igtv service.", 'the mrbrown show: instagram influencer training school...an inside look at a training school for up-and-coming internet stars...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: instagram influencer training school by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', "mrbrown added 10 new photos.. ..kim huat is singapore's number one international travel influencer and photographer. he is happy to share his winning game in travel photography and can help you get your instagram game on point. more photos at the blog post: ..  ", ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'kim huat saw this  video online and decided to do his own translation...watch the original video here: ', 'germany 0 : mexico 1.. ', '', 'view from ensign peak, salt lake city, utah.   ', 'mrbrowns mini-movie reviews (mostly watched on the plane):..1. 12 strong. thor is a special forces soldier sent to whack al-qaeda with a team of 12, after 9-11. reasonably entertaining but very america rah rah...2. the 15:17 to paris. based on the true story of three americans who stopped a terrorist from shooting up a paris train. clumsy movie that used the real fellas acting as themselves. they  can not act. and the movie felt too long to tell the story of something that was over in a few seconds...3. den of thieves. gerard butler as major crimes badass vs a bunch of professional bank robbers. better than geostorm, lousier than olympus has fallen...4. oceans 8. watched this on the last day of my time in sf, at an amc cinema. entertaining heist movie. the all-female cast was fun to watch. awkwafina was a hoot. not as good as oceans eleven (hard to beat the original) but way better than oceans twelve...5. the mountain between us. kate winslet and idris elba try to survive crashing into a snow-covered mountain. the revenant this aint. but kate held the show together. a little too long and draggy. watch only if stuck on a plane with terrible movie selection (im looking at you, eva air)...6. mollys game. jessica chastain is molly bloom, who was arrested by the fbi for running poker games for the rich and famous. based on a true story. if you like aaron sorkins writing and dialogue, this movie will entertain you. also stars idris elba, as her lawyer...', 'look guys. its an airport lounge. its a small space...auntie,  do not take video calls on speaker...self-important dude, want to take a phone call loudly, get a room...and mr moccasins guy,  do not put your un-socked feet on a chair...takes out anti-bacterial wet wipes', 'happiness is bi-rite creamery ice-cream. thats cheese carrot cake and honey lavender with sonoma honey......  bi-rite creamery', 'a very big shoutout to all the hardworking home team, soldiers, reservists, cleaners, caterers, nparks staff, and the rest of team singapore who ensured that the  went so smoothly...and not forgetting the leadership and selfie skills of our prime minister, mr lee haz-ee-en lahng.', 'salt lake city by night. temple square trax station....', 'dear nyt, i tried to pronounce my prime ministers name the way you said it should be pronounced. i thrained my tongue. ..[hat tip to daniel peters.]', 'kim huat attends the ..a production of mrbrown.com', 'for a few days only, lets share uplifting, inspiring stories and videos about singapore and keep our facebook wall and instagram feeds positive and glowing. stay away from those articles calling out the government for its lack of humility and respect when it responds to media commentators. do not like and share articles that diss the government or singapore. for a few days at least, lets suspend our natural bickering selves and show the world our nice smiling faces."..- st writer chua mui hoong...oh, put on our smiles like the north korean village of kijong-dong a.k.a. peace village?..actually the article above started out:.."for a few days only, let\'s share uplifting.....to read the full article, you need to be a premium subscriber."..which is great. please stay behind the paywall and spare us all this condescension and nonsense...one of my commenters from my personal fb account summed it up perfectly: knn gong smlj.', 'did fox news host abby huntsman just call the us president a dictator? aiyoh.', 'hey bbc, i  did not know all of singapore longzhong fits into sentosa...best comment on this post: bbc should know sentosa very well their grandfathers were there looking out south for japanese.', 'caption this.....[g7 summit in quebec, photo by jesco denze/epa, shared on angela merkels instagram]', 'greetings from sunny salt lake city!..the weather today is going to reach 34c. i think ill hide in my aircon hotel room till tomorrow. i heard it will be 9-20c on sunday...can die sia...  ', 'this is the hostel i am staying in, the hi sacramento hostel . it is a gorgeous restored victorian mansion that was built in 1885 by a gold rush millionaire...i got myself an entire double room that can sleep four people, because what the hey, they had the room, i took it. and the room is huge. huge...the toilet and showers are still outside in the corridor though but im used to this hostel feature. the last time i stayed in a hi hostel was in austin, texas, and i enjoyed that too.........  hi sacramento hostel', '8pm and a very long sunset in sacramento.......', 'seen-ded in the office toilet of reader ng k.h.', 'dear yahoo singapore, please fix the england. tankew...update: dear malay mail, you too.', 'this is me on yet another i  do not know where i am going every day trip. and as you can tell from that smile on my face, i am on a train again. this is the capitol builder on amtrak, heading to sacramento..............', 'when it is almost the end of  and tim cook  does not say one more thing.......', 'more  features:..1. time management... will help you manage your time on your iphones and ipads...ooooooh, p are nots can manage your kids time on their devices too, called allowance...my children will hate me even more now. im already the family screentime controller...2.  will introduce memojis. oh yessssss. kim huat will love this...will there be an option for blue and purple hair? ahem...3. in  you can now do group facetime up to 32 people...that is incredible...when someone speaks, the persons bubble will auto enlarge...animojis and memojis work in group facetime too! thats tim cook in the last photo. hahaha!.. ', 'and  has begun! so far we have seen ios 12 improvements like arkit2 that lets you do more with ar...i was hoping that lego ar demo will mean i  do not have to buy more physical lego bricks. save money and one less brick to step on...siri will also get shortcuts. you can set up voice macros for your apps...i would use it to remind me to remember to put money in the family petty cash box before i fly overseas so my wife  will not get mad at me.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'on my way to san francisco for apple  see you all in about 20 hours!.............', 'so this happened at lornie road this morning. yes, you know what this means: thanos is coming.', 'was gonna get lunch but i changed my mind.', 'i had a great time at the  and  event, launching the new singtel apple music subscription and data-free streaming plan...i met the talented charlie lim and got a chance to listen him perform, as well as sezairi and tabitha nauser at the event...it was also nice to catch up with old friends. italian beer and old friends, always a good combo.', ' reads the news - ...(hi, i apologize in advance if you cannot play the show on your mobile device via this link, like you used to. it seems anchor made some changes to their mobile profile page and now, you will be asked to choose a podcast app to play it back on, if you came to the episode via mobile...i recommend installing the anchor app, or the apple podcast app, or google play, if you see that new mobile profile page...the episode is still playable without an app, if you clicked on the link via a desktop web browser...until such time as anchor fixes this, i suggest installing a podcast app you like. so sorry for the inconvenience. it is out of my hands...anchor app: .via apple podcast: .via google play: )..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'opened my packet of nasi lemak this morning: gdpr: weve updated our privacy policy', 'i want you all to know ive updated my privacy policy. i will never tell you the colour of my underwear. unless you really want to know.', 'i spent a few days with my younger brother and mom in hong kong, a city she loves but has not visited in decades...it was in the twenties before we came but it became a balmy thirty-four degrees celsius when we landed...not for mother the glitzy and touristy attractions. no, mom sought out the wet markets of nathan road, and made us take her to the grungiest, grimiest bits of hong kong we could find...mom grew up in chinatown, singapore, so she was in her element here. we helped to carry her marketing, like dried seafood. if she could cart fresh meat and fish past customs, she would have bought the entire wet market too...she also insisted on visiting wing on department store and even though the brother and i thought it was very og, it turned out to be quite well-stocked with decent brands...we made a side trip to chueng chau island, and visited my  (paternal cousin) in discovery bay...at cheung chau, they were preparing for the cheung chau bun festival on their vesak day. my brother and i purchased matching fedoras because we were vain. it turned out to be the best decision we made, because of the heat and sun...we took a bumboat to see a temple there, because mom is a temple nerd. every temple also must see...on the last day, mom wanted to see the ten thousand buddhas monastery in sha tin. in the mad heat and humidity, we climbed the hill. only to realize it was the wrong temple. it was the po fook ancestral worship halls next door...guagua...it was still a lovely view from up there, but down the hill we went, to look for the right trail of golden buddhas. we did find it, but halfway up the hill, i decided the heat and exertion would be too much for my 76-year-old mother to reach the top, and declared exercise cut...so we only managed to see one hundred buddhas...it was great for spend time with my younger brother and mom, but next time im going to come to hong kong in a cooler season...[you can read my blog post with more photos at my blog: ].......', 'my friend shared this article from culture trip on my feed recently, entitled "10 pictures that capture singapore\'s natural wonders"...harlo, since when bukit timah nature reserve got vietnamese boat ride one?..and where in singapore do we have fisherman on mekong river leh?..and that does not look like palawan beach, sentosa. more like palawan in philippines.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'ahn chua le eh ming gia ah neh boconcept?', 'tram stop, hong kong.._____.....', 'shared by a frien it is rumoured that the  association of coffeeshop owners plan to honour tun with a new beverage called maha teh...the same association discontinued their bandung drink because the syrup got rose mah.', 'when i tweeted the 25-seconds-early japanese train story,  shared this image from his twitter feed. japan 25, we also 25. ', ' click on each photo for a better description.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'kim huat: run najib run. kim huat sings a song in honour of his malaysian friends...a production of mrbrown.com..lyrics: mrbrown ac nair.guitar nair.lead vocals: mrbrown.backup vocals nair', 'the mrbrown show: run najib run...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: run najib run by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'happy mothers day to my mom and my better half, for being the best moms and caregivers in the world.  ..[photo taken over chinese new year, 2018, during a lion dance, that faith adores.]', 'i had a lot of fun watching  way early with geek culture. thanks for the invite to the fan screening, guys. it was a funny funny movie. i died at the mid-credits scenes...and check out this awesome deadpool costume by this cosplayer paul, who kindly let me take a photo with him. he even had his own rubber chicken accessory. maximum effort!..', 'the mrbrown show: kim huat takes a call...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: kim huat takes a call by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'er, bbc', 'quick, go carousell malaysia see got any birkins for sale...update: this news came up today: ', 'kim huat thought of the day: tulan. kim huat reflects upon the political power of tulan...a production of mrbrown.com', 'give that man a shield too.', ' reads the news - .......anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'we threw our coins into the fountain with our backs to it, like youre supposed to. then i broke into song and sang three coins in the fountain like frank sinatra...in 1954, they could still shoot a romantic movie of that name, and sing romantic songs there. these days, youd be lucky to find a spot and even if you do, youd be interrupted by a selfie stick vendor, thus killing your vibe..._____....  rome, italy', 'burning travel question of the week: why is italian orange juice red?..  ', 'since so many of my friends are sharing  for  here are a series of photos of  and me, circa 2006-2007...: ', 'cheesy leaning tower of pisa photo done. we can go home liao.._____......', 'sunset over venice.._____.....', 'the browns at basilica di santo spirito, florence, italy.._____....  basilica di santo spirito firenze', "night falls over castiglione d'orcia._____...", 'the wife can sleep while i drive us across italy yet wake up precisely as i pull up to the prada outlet. it must be some kind of internal radar... said it is a pradar...  ', 'sunset view from our b&b in tuscany.._____.....', 'gala dinner night at  a rare sighting of a mrbrown in a tie and jacket. look like those property agent photo or not?._____......', 'rome by night.._____...', 'i am here in rome for the ifa global press conference and listening to the power briefings by the various brands. huawei is sharing about their new p20 pro phone and its three-camera system. colour me impressed...  ', 'kim huat shares his thought of the day in this new series of short clips. today he talks about the scourge of young people: raw meat...a production of ', 'off to rome via istanbul, on turkish airlines, for  see you all in about 17 hours! ._____....', 'actually its brilliant that we have a uniqlo at the airport. in theory, one can go to the airport empty-handed and just load up at the store before flying off...', 'kim huat shares his thought of the day in this new series of short clips. today he read a letter to the newspaper about buskers...a production of mrbrown.com', 'i heard got a new bmw 10 series that only needs $10 of petrol.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'love knows no bounds...mrbrown.com.a drawing by my youngest', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'the mrbrown show: school of private hire car training...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: school of private hire car training by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', '"and also, when i typed bff into the facebook, it did not turn green. does that mean my facebook is hacked?"', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'kim huat liked the  video commemorating their 50th anniversary of protecting our skies, so much, that he did his own version...original rsaf50 video as shared by minister ng eng hen: ..video credit: ddb group singapore', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'guess what im having for lunch today? yes, i may have found the fabled  chicken of masterchef uk fame!', 'brutally honest.', 'kim huat presents rendang sayang (feat.c nair)..kim huat sings a song about one of his favourite stews...download track at soundclou ..vocals: mrbrown ac nair.guitar nair.lyrics: mrbrown ac nair.original folk song: rasa sayang.turntable stock video footage: beachfront b-roll: free stock footage ..a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'kim huat checks out the four new animojis on apple ios 11.3 for iphone x...a production of mrbrown.com', 'i wanted to make anfools joke today but i was worried id be hauled up and grilled by the select committee on deliberate online falsehoods.', '', 'kim huat goes to a chicago high school to see the  on education...a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'at lane tech high school, one of the top schools in the state of illinois, apples   marks apples push to reclaim the classroom and the education market that was dominated by cheap chromebooks of late...the new entry-level 9.7-inch ipad will have an a10 fusion chip, more powerful than most chromebooks, and most importantly, apple pencil support...this means schools, teachers and p are nots can finally purchase an apple pencil-enabled ipad without paying the ipad pro price...apple also launched a suite of apps that support classrooms, digital book creation, and class admin, and also a everyone can create program, that follows the everyone can code program...it will be interesting to see how schools adopt the new apple tools and ipad...i, for one, am glad i  do not have to sell a kidney to let my kids play with pencil apps now.', 'im at lane tech high school in chicago, one of the best schools in the state of illinois, for the ', 'so grab and uber combined liao call what? gruber ah?', 'im on a hello kitty flight to chicago! update you all when i get to the windy city...    ', 'i hope you all have recovered from last nights two-hour starhub internet outage by now. instead of netflix and chill, you could only go straight to the chill part...which may not be a bad thing.', 'family outing to watch  at the fan screening!..thanks warner bros. pictures and geek culture! our family had fun!.. ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to start a podcast', 'cannot. stop. watching. this. over. and. over...78.media.tumblr.com.78.media.tumblr.com', 'just how bad was  after the screening, a few of us fans of the first movie, had to hug each other for comfort...it had dodgy cg and lacked guillermo del toros heart. and the sequel felt like one of those pro-china jackie chan movies...it had its fun robot moments, but even those couldnt make up for the rest of the movie...john boyega just  did not have idris elbas gravitas...i mean, elba could make cheesy lines like today, we are canceling the apocalypse! sound epic...at one point of the movie, boyega says in a speech, i am not my father and i found myself agreeing rigorously...boyega was okay when he was being witty. but when he tried to be heroic, it  did not quite work...and why do all the jaegers look so alike? macam transformers liddat. after a while, you  do not even know which robot is which...chinese actress jing tian completes her hat trick of stinkers with the great wall, kong: skull island, and this movie. i think the next time you see a hollywood movie with jing tian in it, run...no more sequels please. pacific-rimmed by one sequel is enough...', 'ip man 1: ip man vs japanese.ip man 2: ip man vs white guy.ip man 3: ip man vs black guy.ip man 4: ip man vs dragon???', 'my evening view for the last few days. i can get used to the lake life in ..  ', ' you started watching music acts at 2pm at  and had two beers. and your evening ended at 6pm because you want to pengsan liao...  ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', 'popped into town to watch  perform her set at cu29 for  she has such a lovely voice. singapore represent!..    cu-29 cocktail bar', 'i am staying by lady bird lake for the week, away from the hustle and bustle of sxsw in austin...i know, why am i not in the thick of the insanity there? well, i do plan to pop into a live music venue and two but so far, just being by the lake and working outdoors in the sunny yet cool 18-20c weather has been so relaxing that i  do not want to do much else...my days are spent walking along the lake in my hippie earthrunner sandals, and looking for food at the diverse food trucks in the city, and enjoying the quiet side of this quirky city of austin...i am liking this weird city in texas more and more each day...be i should try kayaking or paddle-boarding tomorrow...  ', 'update: the ministry of education, singapore has announced that the book is "not on the ministry of educations approved textbook list and that "commercial learning materials approved by moe will bear the ministrys stamp of approval on their front cover or inside the book...-..then liddat i guess that makes me lower socio-economic status lor...[via ]', 'note to self: mexican food makes you fart...  ', 'just watched  at its world premiere in austin, texas, and steven spielberg made me fall in love with movies again...i cheered and clapped so many times during the movie...spielberg showed us a movie that was more than the sum of its pop cultural references: a movie with a compelling story...', 'meeting the cast of  thanks  from left: ben mendelsohn, olivia cooke, lena waithe, tye sheridan, philip zhao and win morisaki.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', 'greetings from austin, texas! im checking out the  eerience at sxsw, courtesy of  and it has been a blast. so many of the pop culture references are from my childhood!..check out the iron giant display! and the delorean from back to the future!..i hear we will get to preview the movie at sxsw so im looking forward to that...ill keep you all posted on my visit here. stay tuned. meanwhile, i am doing my part to keep austin weird. knowing how weird i am, you know im very at home here...    austin, texas', 'today i learne chicken fried steak is a breakfast item in a texas hotel.....  ', 'one more leg to go before austin...my backside hurts but the great service and movie selection of my sq flight to la helped.', 'thank you,  for flying me to austin to visit the   eerience! looking forward to my first time in texas!..(and yes, thats all im carrying for the trip, haha!  travel ftw)..if i look sleepy, its because its 2.45am here at changi airport. long flight ahead.', 'the highlight of my visit to shell  was seeing the intense preparations and passion of the teams competing in the shell eco-marathon race. there are two categories, urban concept and prototype...the students put their heart and soul into their car and you can see it as they assemble their creation and send it to the technical inspection area to go through a 12-stage checklist. you have to pass inspection even before you race, and every detail matters...then it is a race of distance, to see how far you can go and how efficient your car is. even the choice of driver matters, as seen by some of the smaller and lighter individuals chosen to drive the cars...so race down to shell  happening from 8th to 11t(thursday to sunday). you skip the queues by registering at ..', 'today, seven early eight early, i got up to travel to changi exhibition centre for shell  singapore. i thought i was early but there were already busloads of students and even some families there...i had loads of fun checking out the interactive displays, and the paddock with the cars from 123 student teams here to compete in the shell eco-marathon race. i even had some food at the deli by shell (you get discount coupons when you enter)...shell  is happening from 8th to 11t(thursday to sunday)...if you come in the afternoons, there are even live performances by local artists like charlie lim, gentle bones and micappella. so do pop down! shell  is happening from 8th to 11t(thursday to sunday) and you skip the queues by registering at ', 'kim huat and housing estate residents names. kim huat wonders what singapore housing estate residents should be called...a production of mrbrown.com', ' can not wait till my bitcoins increase in value!', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', ' do not know whether to laugh or to cry.', 'please support aunties stall, green delights, at b2, westgate. her halal stall was incorrectly accused of selling pork belly and it affected her business...as kim huat says,  do not spread fake news and always double-check before posting, or it can affect peoples livelihood...twitter.com.syera.s on twitter', 'when i read this article about the top 10 countries for asian food, , this paragraph stood out:.."(nb: there\'s a notable omission on this list: singapore. and i hear you, the food there is mind-blowingly good. however, a lot of that cuisine is other people\'s:  it is chinese, indian, malay and european. for that reason i have had to miss it out. let\'s say it came 11th.)"..the writer left singapore out because our food is "other people\'s" but included malaysia, and listed their "char kway teow, roti canai, and fish ball noodles"...right...below is the twitter thread that followed...following my tweet, the writer,  jumped in and sai.." list on internet sparks fury "..and then called us snowflakes for pointing out his flawed logic and poor research:.." lol. i know internet outrage is more delicious than chicken rice, but you all remember the actual story, right? to quote: the food there is mind-blowingly good. hardly the worst thing anyones said about you petals"..looks like i hurt somebody\'s feelings...look, you can say our food not nice. you can also say our food is mind-blowingly good. but to omit our country from a list of asian food because our cuisine is "other people\'s" just shows a woeful ignorance of our food heritage and culture...twitter.com.mrbrown on twitter', 'vroom vroom..twitter.com.mrbrown on twitter', 'the mrbrown show: chicken rice economy...anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: chicken rice economy by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', 'shell make the future singapore..a few years ago, i learned how to save fuel by driving more efficiently. i  do not speed, i  do not whack the accelerator, and i ease my way into my cruising speed. i am a bit of an energy-saving nerd. my wife thinks i should drive faster, but i tell her, singapore very small, no need to be in such a hurry. i would rather drive smart than get somewhere one minute faster...this is why i am going to visit shell make the future singapore, a free public festival about energy, happening from 8th to (thursday to sunday)...there will be a shell eco-athon where over 120 student teams from 18 countries compete to be the most energy-efficient car on the track. those cars look very sleek and cool, like something out of a sci-fi movie. there will also be a kinetic dance-floor, interactive games and you can also build and race your own mini saltwater cars...there will also be live performances by local artistes like gentle bones, charlie lim, jasmine sokko and micappella (i am a huge micappella fan, by the way)...so come down with the family, and have some fun at the festival. find out more and skip the queues by registering at  ..see you there!..', 'grow old along with me!.the best is yet to be,.the last of life, for which the first was made:.our times are in his hand.who saith "a whole i planned,.youth shows but half; trust go see all, nor be afraid!\'\'..-robert browning..happy founders day!', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', 'my tohoku trip videos are up! go see my eerience at .____________.......tohokusnoweerience.jp.go tohokusnow eerience the treasures of northern japan', 'instagrams non-chronological algorithm is pissing us off so much that we are willing to try anything. even a buggy-as-heck app like vero - true social...im on  by the way. follow me if you like.', 'nice try, kid. a for effort.', 'kim huat sings a song of the sea. sing along with him...a production of mrbrown.com', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', 'the  show -  do not use sampan" by mrbrown  ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown show:  do not use sampan by the mrbrown show | anchor - the easiest way to make a podcast', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - ruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' was predictable and cliched fare but still a fun night out...if you liked movies like date night (steve carell and tina fey) and rough night (scarlett johansson and kate mckinnon), this will be good for you...some of the set pieces were pretty darn funny...a game-obsessed couple find themselves in a caper after their weekly game night turns a little too real...rachel mcadams is still so hot and funny, so many years after mean girls...the movie also wins for best use of the toy filter a.k.a. tilt-shift photography...part of me wonders if this movie is better off as a night on netflix though...', 'told the kopi lady, teh-c kosong peng...my iphone x responded and thought i said, hey siri, call something.', ' pro tip:', 'sounds like a good movie.', 'a blessed year of the dog to you all from the browns!', 'chinese new years eve, kwan im thong hood cho temple, waterloo street.._____...', 'kim huat and fake news. kim huat shares stories of how fake news affected his life and how it can affect our nation...', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - 14hruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'mrbrowns one-sentence  review: one of the bevel movies ever made, up there with winter soldier...ok, ill throw in a second sentence: the most powerful warrior of all of wakanda, okoye, and tchallas younger sister shuri, stole the show...', 'seen at isetan. wah. does it make drinks too?', "kim huat looks for cny date, part 2. how did kim huat's date go? did premium ah lian come to see him? watch the video to find out! and kim huat has a special promo for you to celebrate cny. click  to find out more.  do not say bojio!..make every moment ..", ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - ruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'wondering if premium ah lian will come and eat dominos power chilli padi crab pizza with me at 1pm ', 'the most haps place in northeast singapore: k van reen.', 'this is the apple watch series 3  with the new elorer watch face. the watch face is only available on the cellular series and yes, its finally here in singapore...you can only currently get it with a numbershare plan with singtel (oi, the other telcos, why you no support apple watch esim? im looking at you, m1)...the series 3 cellular allows you to operate it without your iphone on you. the number is the same as your phones. you can take calls on it (the non-cellular models can too, but require the iphone to be nearby) and heres my favorite part: you can stream all your apple music on the apple watch without your iphone. your entire music library, and the rest of the worlds, inside your watch. amazing...battery life is similar to the non-cellular series 3, assuming about four hours of lte use. when the watch is near your iphone, it will use your iphone to connect, and only when it  does not detect your iphone or a familiar wifi spot, will it switch to its own lte connection. this saves battery life. youll see four green dots on the watch to indicate that its using its own cellular connection...now i can go swimming with my apple watch series 3 lte and not worry if i will miss any calls or messages while my iphone is in the locker.', 'kim huat looks for a hot cny date. he has his heart set on someone..make every moment ..', 'the big 100...mrbrown.com.100 episodes of the mrbrown show: kim huat reads the news!!!', ' reads the news - ruary 2018. the 100th episode!!!..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - ruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'you are being watched. the government has a secret system, a machine that spies on you every hour of every day. i know because i built it. i designed the machine to detect acts of terror but it sees everything. violent crimes involving ordinary people. people like you. crimes the government considered irrelevant. they  would not act so i decided i would. but i needed a partner. someone with the skills to intervene. hunted by the authorities, we work in secret. youll never find us. but victim or perpetrator, if your number is up, well find you...', 'my wife and my firstborn. thats faiths attempt to smile for my camera. shes taller than mommy now. time flies. ', 'this short film really really moved me. well done, apple. i was very gum dong liu leh...(and no, this isnt a paid post or a sponsored post. i am sharing this because its such a good cny story.)..apple.com.three minutes - shot on iphone x', 'unseen footage of 4g leaders choosing their pm.', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - ruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat shares the common cny customs on how to make your money grow, including a new pro tip...earn up to 1% p.a. on your money in a uob stash account, which is more than most savings accounts out there."..for more details go to: .. ', ' reads the news - ruary 2018...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - ruary 2018 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', "mrbrown tries the tefal air force 360..it is chinese new year again, and mrbrown needs to do his spring cleaning. this time he has a new weapon to combat the dust bunnies: the tefal air force 360...watch what happens when mrbrown is volunteered by his mother to do his spring cleaning duties...tefal's latest tefal air force 360 vacuum cleaner is powerful enough to suck up an apple (the fruit, not the computer), versatile enough to cover all surfaces with one head, and has performance features like an always-on one-click button, quick charge, and 12 minutes of use in boost mode and 20 minutes of use in normal mode...now at an introductory price of $438...   ", 'new flying boat service at east coast park...[sent to me on whatsapp. ping me if you know the source and author. thanks.]', '....[photo by my friend, dave]', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'i missed japan so much, i had this hokkaido ice-cream affogato at rive gauche patisserie after lunch yesterday...my diet forgive me... ', 'mrbrown desk reviews - audio-technica at2005usb..only if you like gadgets and audio gear. mainly for the audio geeks. mrbrown reviews the audio-technica at2005usb mic, and also shares what else he has on his desk, like the sennheiser clipmic digital lav mic and the sound devices mixpre-3 field mixer and recorder...a production of ', 'when it is nine days before your data resets, and you get this sms: you have used 100% of your data bundle', 'kim huat and the singapore budget 2018..kim huat gives you a piece of his economic mind...    ..a production of ', 'most claustrophobic pedestrian walkway in singapore.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'we found sang nila saitamas long lost brother.', " singapore winter song - ..  ..kim huats singapore winter song ..no snow.but we are dressed up in uniqlo.so cold.we all look like eskimo..winter has come to singapore.drop to 21 degrees some more.we are wearing socks indoors.because we all got marble floor.because got bloody marble floor..we know.other country is more cold.so chio.winter wear like go north pole..singapore winter sibei song.one year one time wait long long.monsoon season is our friend.the rain never end.one week no need on aircon..-.download song: ..anchor.fm.kim huat's singapore winter song by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented", 'seen in a primary 4 social studies textbook: hung nila utama...[h/t kirsten han]', 'if anyone is looking for me, i am hiding in the aircon comfort of my recording studio. kthxbye ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' in my home.....mrbrown.com.faith and the socks', 'wait, cool weather! dont go yet! we havent had enough of you!  ', 'the reason why it feels so cold - even if  it is \'just\' 21c. -by  on reddit..i have seen singaporeans eressing their dismay at other singaporeans for \'overreacting\' to our current climatic conditions. i have seen foreigners calling singaporeans overly \'dramatic\', because 21 degrees is standard summer temperature in many temperate countries. this, in my opinion, is unwarranted criticism...i am in my house, with my windows open, and my toes feel cold. there has to be a reason for it...there are some elements of our current climatic condition that we  have not accounted for. these are:..-wind chill.-cloud cover.-precipitation..using this wind chill calculator, inputting a temperature of 22 degrees c and an average wind speed of 25km/h (tomorrow\'s forecast) gives us a wind chill index of 18 degrees c. that means that even if the mercury reading is 22, the \'real feel\' index is 18 degrees c.  would not four degrees cooler than 22 degrees. inputting a temperature of 22 degrees c and a wind speed of 35km/h (tomorrow\'s maximum wind speed forecast) makes the \'real feel\' index dip to 17 degrees c.  would not five degrees cooler than the temperature on display...make no mistake: that is cold, for singapore standards. let\'s say if we were in the middle of a sumatran squall and the wind speeds averaged 70km/h, the \'real feel\' index would be 15 degrees c. for context, the highest recorded wind speed in singapore was 144.4km/h, recorded in 1984, and an average yearly sumatran squall gives us wind speeds of up to 80km/h...but there\'s more. in temperate climates, a summer temperature of 21 degrees is often marked by balmy and sunny weather. the sun counteracts the effect of wind chill, if any, but we have had nothing but an overcast sky and uv indices of 0 over the last week. no sun, no sources of warmth. this, combined with the wet weather and our year-round humidity, just serves as a snowball effect of sorts. if our \'real feel\' index is 18, this can really make it feel like 16, or even colder. remember: "cold air with high relative humidity "feels" colder than dry air of the same temperature, because high humidity in cold weather increases the conduction of heat from the body."..why  has not anyone pointed this out, you may ask? well, we just never thought we\'d be talking about wind chill in this part of the world. but here we are...there\'s another element to this too: our preparedness. in countries with temperate climes, people are eerts at layering in accordance with the weather, but we have a standard lepak outfit that we seldom deviate from. berms, a shirt/singlet, and flip flops. most of us  have not deviated from this standard form of attire, so of course we\'d feel cold. it feels like  it is 18 degrees, after all...also, our houses and flats were built to withstand singapore\'s heat and humidity. not chilly weather. even if there\'s a chill in temperate countries during summertime, their houses are fitted with double glazed (insulated windows) for winter anyway and can keep it out. we\'re comparatively more eosed to this kind of weather...just putting that out there... ..reddit.com.the reason why it feels so cold - even if  it is \'just\' 21 degrees c  r/singapore', 'meanwhile, at uniqlo.. ', '  the grand resort hanamaki onsen hotel  in iwate is an onsen hotel with a long history...it has an old school charm, and you get to walk around the hotel in your yukata , and enjoy the many different onsen  on the premises...im very partial to the outdoor one. where you feel the cold winter air on your head as your body soaks in the hot waters of the onsen...i would have loved to show you a photo of me soaking in the onsen happily, but one soaks in an onsen without any clothes on, and i would have to charge you money to see me as nature intended...also, there is no photography or videography allowed inside. of course..._____.....  ', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', '..mrbrown.com.signs of a singapore winter', 'dear singapore weather:.', 'gebeiki, in iwate, is one of the most scenic gorges in japan. a boat ride down the river is a must. you can even have a lunch onboard...in winter, a plastic roof is installed to keep you from the cold. in other seasons, you take the boat without the roof. the boatman even sings a folk song for you, and trust me, the boatmen and boat-women can sing...visiting geibikei is like being transported to an ancient world, where time stood still.._____.....  geibikei', '  restaurant in morioka serves some of tastiest maezawa beef steak i have ever eaten. you can tell from my face that i am in beef heaven. i was so busy eating it that i forgot to take a photo of it until i was halfway through it. i apologize for that. ..in the second set of photos, starting with the one where i am hugging a big bottle of the best sendai sake, i was at kakoiya restaurant in miyagi, and had an awesome meal of sendai beef tongue, beef cubes, sendai seri nabe (duck hot pot) and, of course, sake..._____.....', 'chson-ji temple and motsuji temple. chson-ji is home to konjikid golden hall, an 12th century structure covered in gold leaf. underneath the dais, the body of the first sh fujiwara lord, kiyohira, and the bodies of the three more generations of his lineage, lay...motsuji temple, in hiraizumi in southern iwate prefecture, has one of the oldest pure land gardens of japan and is a unesco world heritage site.._____.....  ', 'the three great noodles of morioka: jajamen (a japanese variant of zhajiang mian), morioka reimen (korean-inspired cold noodles) and wanko-soba.._____.....  morioka, iwate', 'spent a morning at appi heights, home to a famous ski resort in hachimantai, iwate. i  did not manage to learn how to snowboard but i did get to try some simpler snow activities. i love snow so much.._____.....  appi', 'appikogen ski resort, hachimantai, iwate.._____.....', 'i polished off 83 bowls of soba at azumaya,  they usually give the plaque to those who do 100 bowls but they gave me one for effort, haha!._____.....  azumaya soba shop', 'so i heard it was a little rainy in singapore this morning ', 'in the streets of morioka, iwate._____......', 'on the shinkansen! next stop, morioka!._____.......', 'good morning, tokyo! next stop, morioka!._____.......', 'the kid in me: watch every movie till we land...the ah pek in me: sleep till we reach japan...   ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'fixed the straits times graphic...(also hor, why is the silhouette male only ah?)', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' you type bearly and wonder for the next fifteen seconds why it was flagged as wrong. then you realize you should be typing barely. ', "in a few days, i am going to visit tohoku in japan. follow me as i share some of my adventures! watch the video in the link below for a taste of what's to come!..   ..tohokusnoweerience.jp.go tohokusnow eerience the treasures of northern japan", " singapore's number one morning person, welcomes the new year.", ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'scrolling through my fb feed and liking all the  pics. and adding a few of my own.', 'i installed a new spurcycle bicycle bell on each of my bicycles, to ring in the new year. then i went to bed. see you all in 2018. ', 'pro tip: if you are on a diet,  do not go to kuching.     kuching, malaysia', 'dear new york times,..asians would never stick chopsticks into food this way. my mother would have a fit seeing this...offerings indeed...also, who eats steak with chopsticks?......h/t  and ', 'boat ride to bako national park, ._____...', 'bleeding steel by jackie chan has successfully made it as my worst movie of 2017, with four days to spare...read my review:......mrbrown.com.see what show: bleeding steel', 'greetings from  the city of cats and kolo mee.._____.....', 'hey look at  oh wait, our mrt also boleh. (click to see the entire pic)', 'be strong for our kids...mrbrown.com.thoughts of a father on secondary school registration day', 'angry sia...mrbrown.com.please  do not park your dockless bicycles anyhowly, thank you', 'good morning, its the secondary school posting results day. also known as the hunger games.the odds be ever in your favor. stay strong, p are nots and kiddos...(even if the cutoff point has shifted by as much as 11 points in some schools.)', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the met service says our night-time temperatures could reach 23c within the next fortnight. time to take out the down jackets from the cupboard. ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'wait, gbikes provides training wheels for their bicycles?', 'my  thoughts after watching it last night. heads up: jabba is not reys father. heng ah. and porgs rule...mrbrown.com.see what show: star wars: the last jedi', 'new  sports band in yellow called flash. oh ya. i got to leave for my  thingie soon.', "mrbrown and his family try bluesg, singapore's first large-scale electric vehicle car-sharing programme...launched today, , the service will start with 80 bluecars and 32 bluesg charging stations, and by the end of the year, the aim is for 110 bluecars and 42 bluesg stations with 165 charging points, islandwide. by 2020, the aim is for 1,000 bluecars and 2,000 charging points...singapore will be the second largest deployment of bluecars and charging stations  the largest being paris  where the system began. and we are the first in asia to have the service...for more details, and to sign up for membership, head on down to ..a production of ..", 'the definition of ', 'wah sunny rain, a.k.a. !', 'instead of zouk out, there should be something for us older folks. how about a zonk out?', 'seems like a thing to do a  so this is my  lots of travel for me this year and the feed reflects it. thanks for all the love on instagram this year!..from top, left to right:.1. meeting the justice league in london.2. chinese new year family photo 2017.3. japan with joy in, miyajima, hiroshima, japan.4. sunset over bishan park.5. kumoba-ike pond . karuizawa, japan.6. sunset over asahikawa, hokkaido, japan.7. by the douro river, porto, portugal.8. the wife and i. shinkyo, nikko, japan.9. lake wanaka. south island new zealand', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'breaking: nicole seah joins the workers party.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat tells you how to be a better version of yourself. upgrade, upsize, upskill now: ..', 'so i hear former presidential hopeful tan kin lian is now an mrt signal systems designer.', 'goodbye to a family buddy...my youngest sang: in the aarms of an angelllllll fly away~~~..mrbrown.com.a farewell to a faithful family friend', 'malaysia now has a daily hotel tax of rm10 (yes, a daily tax), and soon, an anti-terror tax of rm35 at the airport...friend even paid rm15 a night for the hotel tax in langkawi...you may want to factor that in the next time you are thinking of a vacation to malaysia...', 'the sun is setting. the heat is not as bad. can crawl out of our cave liao.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the mrbrown show: conversations (with mr miyagi)- ..a late night phone call between mrbrown and mr miyagi, who were both working late on a thursday night.....anchor.fm.mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', "kim huat and private hire cars: kim huat shares his own and his friends' horror stories in this new sharing economy.", 'i wrote this two years ago, when isaac completed his psle. this year, my youngest one, joy, finished hers (yay, final psle for our family!)...one of my readers reminded me of this post and i thought it might be worth sharing again, in this psle season when p are nots and children are choosing a secondary school and generally reflecting on the impact of the exams on their lives...mrbrown.com.to our firstborn, faith, age 14', 'my review of google wifi. easy to set up and use, no more dead spots. not the fastest mesh product on the market, but competitively priced...mrbrown.com.eeriencing mesh networking with google wifi: no more dead spots', 'listening to christmas music on my new beats studio 3 wireless, next to some christmas buddies...the new studio 3 comes pure adaptive noise canceling (pure anc) and the apple w1 chip. i found the noise-cancelling to be very decent. the battery life is a whopping 22 hours with noise-cancelling on, and up to 40 hours with that off...pairing with other apple devices and macs was a breeze, just like all the headphones and earphones with the w1 chip. once paired, all devices that use your apple id will be able to switch to it...how is the sound? like its little brother, the beats solo 3, sound has been tightened up, compared to older beats. apple quality control seems to have permeated this current range of beats...i liked the overall sound, though a tad weaker in the mids. the bass isnt as crazy heavy as it used to be though, which i appreciated...the beats studio 3 folds up quite nicely and has a premium carrying semi-hard case. comes with a wire with mic, for when you really need to run it wired (though at 22 hours of battery life, i  do not see why you would)...now my travel headache will be, so i carry the beats solo 3, which is slightly smaller, or the full-on beats studio 3, which has bigger drivers?isions, decisions...as a listener who used to shun beats, i have to say the solo 3 and studio 3 has changed my mind...[slightly longer review on my blog: ]._____..', 'how are the p are nots enjoying the choose six secondary schools exercise for your psle kid this week?  ', 'today is the release of the 2017 psle results. kim huat has some words to share with you.', 'congratulations to all the p are nots who are finally done with psle! you have graduated! a to all psle p are nots!..(er. the kids also, well done!)', 'the mrbrown show - jtl - ..singapore needs superhuman help to fix our mrt problems. singapore needs the jtl.....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: justice transit league by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'sometimes you just need to get away from it all.._____....', 'cheat my fewlings... ', ' can not. stop. eating. these. peanuts. in. indonesia...my wife: this next handful will be my last round...she is still eating them... ', 'he the man... ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the mrbrown show: conversations - ...mrbrown and benjamin "mr miyagi" lee in another one of our talk cock sessions. in this 20something-minute episode, we talk about the train breakdowns, faulty signage, and buying stuff from taobao. recorded with anchors record with friends function.....anchor.fm.mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'my review of the justice league movie... ..mrbrown.com.see what show: justice league', ' slang for being attracted to someone: 10/10 would come into contact.', 'meanwhile in japan..en.rocketnews24.com.tokyo train companys apology for 20-second-early departure is one of the best things about japan', 'singapore mrt disruption whose fault is it list, update..1. track fault.2. signal fault.3. software glitch that caused inadvertent removal of software protection feature fault.', 'the mrbrown show: conversations - ..c nair and i talk about the morning smrt collision and general mrt chaos today.....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: conversations -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'a man who has his priorities right.', 'home.', 'kings college,  ._____.....', 'its 11.11. you know how to really treat yourself on this   do not spend money on unnecessary things.', 'waiting for the train back to london. 7c & windy tonight in st neots, a tad nippy...time to wear the merino wool beanie and gloves...  ', 'emo brown on a train to english countryside.._____...', 'mile end station, ._____......', 'the royal crescent, bath, england.._____.....', 'saw this sign in bath, england. benjamin lee and i are members...  ', 'by the river thames, henley-on-thames.._____...', 'euston square station, ._____......', 'yes, i finally had black pudding as part of my classic british breakfast at plum and spilt milk, kings cross. not bad...  ', 'i visited aquamans bar, the flashs bedroom, batmans flying fox, wonder womans office, and cyborgs starlabs on my justice league movie stint in london. there is a little easter egg in each of the rooms. can you spot them?...', 'batman said he could not save the world alone, so mrbrown went to join the ...justice league movie', 'it was a pleasure to meet the cast of justice league movie in london: ben affleck , jason momoa , ezra miller (the flash), gal gadot (wonder woman), and ray fisher  were all very warm and friendly....', 'hello, london.._____......', ' reads the news - . direct from london!....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'good morning peeps! its breakfast time here in london and i am having an english breakfast. i miss my chai tow kuay. but they have nice tea and mustard here...and i may have taken the fried bread that they use to soak the hashbrowns, thinking its some kind of toast...other pluses include the fact that they have real milk here for your tea instead of the half-and-half thing they use in the united states...its 2c outside so im a happy camper. i am one of those singaporeans who like the cold. i know, siao one...i can also testify that iphone x face id recognizes my face even when my mouth is filled with grilled mushrooms...looking forward to the  event later!..', 'heading to london for  event. quite chuffed. yes, thats all my stuff...i  have not been back there since 2009. see you all in about 14 hours, when i reach jolly ole london....', 'i think im going to be rich...however, im not sure why mr fonana thinks im a mineral...and whats a whats app?', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'whatsapp is down. tiger mothers are unable to discuss psle and dsa strategies. kids are unable to send each other dank memes. and bosses and clients cannot reach you. please do not panic. you may wish to find someone to share stuff in person. let the person see the coffee you are drinking in real life. ', 'chia aik beng aka abc. singapores photography icon.._____....', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' pro tip: trained iphone xs face id to recognize my day time face. woke up this morning and tried to unlock the phone in bed without success...retrained it to recognize my morning disheveled wake up face. recognized me all day.', 'kim huat tries out the iphone x and his favourite feature...(mainly shot on the apple iphone x, with a few scenes shot with the iphone 8 plus.)', 'i believe firsthand is one word. (note: article was from the pratt tribune, kansas, usa.)', 'after spending time in the land of the super punctual trains , i have returned to the land of the perpetual track faults .', 'autumn colours in full-blown glory at kumoba-ike pond .  ._____.......', 'commute. shibuya, ._____..........', '..(thanks candilin.)', 'shibuya station. you can check out any time you like, but you can never leave...   ', 'modern princesses,  ._____.......', 'in japan, thor is the son of oden. ', 'those kids are kind of young to run for the law society,  are not they?', 'snowfall on an autumns day, a postbox at  station,  ._____.......', 'pm lee hsien loong urges president donald trump to use not just pressure, but also dialogue to help resolve the north korean nuclear crisis. fox news ', 'autumn in   ._____......', 'snowing in autumn in   ._____.......', 'asahidake, the tallest mountain in hokkaido at 2,291m.._____.......', 'sunset,   ._____.......', 'one must be careful when going hiking in japanese mountains. do your research, dress appropriately for the weather, know how to send gps information from your phone, and  do not go off the trails. also, know if youre in over your head and  do not attempt a hike if the weather isnt in your favour...im just glad the four of them are safe...mount asahi, at 2,291m and the tallest mountain in hokkaido, is actually very pleasant and ive been there a few times, in winter (which is very cold) and in summer...in autumn, the weather can turn suddenly (the mountain gets snow earlier than the rest of the low-lying areas nearby, and hokkaido gets winter earlier than the most of japan)...p.s. im heading to asahidake right now with joy. see you all at the ropeway station, at 1,600m, later...   ..todayonline.com.honeymoon adventure on hokkaidos tallest peak turned harrowing ordeal for couple..today. at 230 ..34-hour nightmare: the singapore-based newlyweds took a wrong turn and ended up spending two nights on asahi-dake battling winds in temperatures as low as -7c, with no food and no tent.', 'today. at 230 ..34-hour nightmare: the singapore-based newlyweds took a wrong turn and ended up spending two nights on asahi-dake battling winds in temperatures as low as -7c, with no food and no tent.', 'the  show: conversations 0004 -  part 3 of 3...chats with my youngest, joy, on our father-daughter trip, while we hiked in miyajima, hiroshima, japan. ...anchor.fm.the  show: conversations 0004 -  part 3 of 3 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the  show: conversations 0004 -  part 1 of 3...chats with my youngest, joy, on our father-daughter trip, in miyajima, hiroshima, japan. ...anchor.fm.the  show: conversations 0004 -  part 3 of 3 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the great torii in   ._____.......', 'view from   ._____.......', 'was this to subdue that drunk angmoh?..today. at 09:00 ', 'ohori park,  ._____.......', 'random schoolgirl,  chinatown, ._____......', 'mrt flooding haiku._____________________..great leaders will say.sorry, sorry leaders say.sorry my men failed.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'me, watching taken 3 at my in-laws: one time is bad luck. two times is suay. three times is just p are notal negligence.', ' reads the news - "....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'nooooooooo  ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'thank you, alist sg!..a-list.sg.funny business', 'smrt: submarine mass rapid transit.', 'my mothers tv newscaster fashion comment of the week: the dress she is wearing looks like the carpet of the changi airport...', ' reads the news -....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'these are the x- mini infiniti speakers. im trying them out in my home and so far, i like how they sound. clean and balanced, fills the room...they are bluetooth wireless, so you can use them anywhere but you have to charge them first. my main gripe with them is that they  do not ship with a charger, but they come with only a usb-a to usb-c cable. seems like an oversight for a premium-priced speaker like this...the 10,000mah battery inside should give you about four hours at max volume. these are not speakers you take with you when you travel but maybe something you drag out to the patio for a party. because they are heavy at 4kg each...i am trying to wrap my mind around the use case for the x- mini infiniti. are they home speakers? if so, you have to find your own charging solution as the charger is not included...are they move around-the-house speakers? if so, then eventually you will need to lug both 4kg speakers to a power socket and charge them with your own charger (2.5 hours minimum)...i like their click 2 speakers. the use case is obvious with the tiny and loud little fella. these larger cousins of the x-mini range, im not so sure...still, they sound good and pair with each other easily (you get left-right pairing when you turn both on). you can use the infiniti alone or as a stereo pair...personally, i think they should come with a usb-c charger. that way, one can get the internal battery charged up quickly...also useful is the aux-in port behind the speaker. for when you need to connect a player directly...', ' is a science-fiction lovers movie. beautifully made, profoundly thoughtful and ever so poignant.  do not look to the film for popcorn action but soak in its dystopian world, and cling to the hope it offers to humanity...(if you  can not watch the original blade runner movie before watching this, at least watch the three short films made in conjunction to this sequel. it will help provide context.)......', ' reads the news -....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat teaches you how to ace your psle maths!', ' reads the news -....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'congrats to p are nots of  kids. you may now return to being sane human beings...(except higher chinese/higher malay/higher tamil p are nots. you have one more day to sanity.)', 'ignorant american twat takes issue with the straits times using drink driving, which is a totally correct use of the phrase in british english...\'murica!..(he has since deleted his account, probably from being laughed at by the internet.)..(p.s. i am sorry i spelled it "strait times". it is an old habit of mine, and i was drink typing.)', 'riding home. ._____......', 'the mrbrown show: conversations in the car 0001- ....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: conversations in the car -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'can rub backsides and make new friends...benjamin "mr miyagi" lee is at orchard parade hotel singapura.. at 15:27  facebook creator for ios ..toilet design award', 'missing  already. coffee in xox truffles, columbus ave, sf: best. truffles. ever.._____.......', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'what singapore  maths feels like to p are nots sometimes:', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'many of us grew up on this show. man, i feel old.... at 20:52 ..?..~~~~~~~~~.:.', 'what is that smell???', 'just bought this innergie powerjoy 30c usb-c wall charger. it comes with a usb-a port and a usb-c port. the 30w charger can charge a 12-inch macbook over usb-c...the usb-a port delivers the usual 5vx2.4a...i am trying it out to see if it will fast-charge an ipad pro 10.5 or an iphone 8 plus, via an apple usb-c to lightning cable. in theory it should work if it supports usb-c pd...the power plug is changeable for different countries and the charger can rotate for a better fit...it  will not pack flat if you attach the plugs. so if youre looking for something compact, it might be a tad big. but still, it is an interesting alternative to carrying the apple 29w macbook charger.', 'ok. who is the bugger who named farrer park station after the condo next to it?', 'kim huat takes an exam: part 2...kim huat discusses a recent psle chinese listening comprehension question.', 'i love the new toy story watch face on the ', ' updates for all devices in my home done.  and  setup now. iphone 8 and 8 plus will launch at apple orchard, friday t 2017, at 8am.', 'why is there noio kart race at the singapore grand prix?', 'rest in peace, third sergeant  gavin chan hiang cheng...central queensland plane spotting blog. at 09:45 ..honour guard in place at  airport... rip..thanks daniel bishop for the photo... ', 'crissy field, ._____......', 'point reyes,  county.._____......', '..  ', 'lake merritt, ._____......', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'on the way to angel island, ._____......', '19th street station, oakland.._____.....', 'north beach, san francisco.._____......', 'apple store, union square, san francisco. the sun was out and it was just pleasant to sit at the open areas of the store.._____........', 'swallowed my beef congee too fast. felt the heat all the way down my gullet. chest. on. fire. ow. ow. ow...  ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'i am a bit of a public transport geek.._____......', "there is something very profound and satisfying to be in an environment where your native dialect of  can notonese is spoken...this is san francisco chinatown, in case you're wondering.._____......", ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'hello, san francisco. i am in you again... ', "post-  jet lag: i am lying in bed but my body's wireless charging is not working.", 'mrbrown weighs in on the iphone 8 and iphone x. ..mrbrown.com.the big question: iphone 8 and 8 plus, or iphone x?', 'kim huat checks out the new stuff at the ', ' 4k will now have 4k and hdr. now i may need to get a 4k tv now...itunes 4k movies will be the same price as hd. and if you bought the hd versions before, you get an automatic upgrade. my more-than-100 itunes movie collection is gonna get a free 4k upgrade. sweeeeet. yaasss...', ' series 3 will have cellular. you can now stream apple music with just your apple watch. and make phone calls...', 'greetings from  soon we will see what  has in store for us in the steve jobs theater.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news - t 2017 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'preflight setup...from left: usb-c to lightning cable, red dual-mode lightning/micro-usb cable, airpods, progressive reading glasses, innergie usb-c 6,000mah powerbank, energea travelite pd+ usb-c/usb-a charger, and ipad pro 10.5.', 'on my way to san francisco. see you guys in a day or so.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', "my family's post-saturday-dinner low key pleasure. watching chinese dating  and making loud and inappropriate comments about the contestants... it is probably all staged and scripted but  it is still fun to watch.", 'the mrbrown show - talk cock with mr miyagi - ..mrbrown and mr miyagi return for one of our talk cock sessions. in this 18-minute episode in four parts, we talk about the coming reserved presidential election, presidential hair products, sponsored weddings, and bidets.....anchor.fm.mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'thanks cartoon network asia for the powerpuff girls tote with a powerpuff version of me! i hear there is a new fourth the powerpuff girls sister joining the team! excited!..i will be checking your fb page to see who it is on the 18th of!..oh and  is so fun!..(though you guys pressed my office door bell one too many times when delivering the swag ah. haha!)..: my son....', 'why do people assume that the anonymous stories written in ntu confessions are true?', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat gives some slang tips to the presidential hopefuls.', ' reads the news -  ....(ya lah, i know  it is a bit late. i had a full day at the office and also had to catch a horror movie just now. )..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'sorry had to take previous episode of kim huat reads the news off air due to a technical issue. it will be right back soon.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'interesting headline.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'answering some listener call-ins - ....anchor.fm.listener call-ins -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'trying the new solo3 wireless by  and  this is break blue from the neighborhood collection. finally my headphones match my hair.', ' reads the news - ...anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'i got a package delivered today. i honestly had no idea what was inside when i filmed this...............____...', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'i hope pm is proud of me. ', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the mrbrown show:  goes for an audition.. ..anchor.fm.the mrbrown show: kim huat goes for an audition by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'then pm asks min-liang submit his epayment proposal via gebiz...  ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'replying to call-ins today. ..anchor.fm.singapore was awesome. by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'seen on yahoo.', 'you know why we  have not become  because when you take a taxi, you still have to pay cash unless you are willing to pay 30 cents more for nets. why do we even need nets these days?..why do we even need cards? pm says, we must have a terminal that can read all cards. terminals cost money. which banks will charge merchants. i say start by getting rid of unnecessary cards first...china has proven that you can do payments, even micropayments, with an app. applepay and android pay can be used without taking out your wallet. they just need your fingerprint. i have also been paying for stuff with paylah! qr codes too...and here we are, still juggling a gazillion cards and pin numbers. and sticking cards that have to be topped up, into car iu readers. and using competing transit cards that need to be topped up too...oh and  do not get me started on the annoying situation when you have more than one bank atm card or credit/debit card that supports ezlink or flashpay. then you tap your wallet at the mrt gates or bus reader and the various cards conflict. so you end up separating your other cards from the one you use for public transport, into another wallet... it is nuts.', ' reads the news - .. ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'according to kininews in indonesia, on page 40 of the sea games booklet, malaysia got the countries wrong there too...   ..', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat makes the best of a bad situation in his oral exam...a production of ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the train delays now affect students taking psle and "n" level preliminary exams. that has to be a new low.', 'stupid slanted bus stop seats.', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', '"hey! is international lefthanders day. raise your hand if you\'re ready to celebrate!".. aarrgh why is there no left-handed emoji!!! ', ' reads the news  - ..kim huat on mc today.....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news - ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat reads the news - ..  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', '"step by step" mute button..  ', 'they should totally unleash the saf and home team anti-terrorism forces to nuke that giant mosquito to kingdom come, man...  ', '"here got good pokmon or not?"...  ', 'kim huat reads the news - . (trying out the video making feature on anchor.).. ..my station is at .my podcast is at ', ' reads the news - ....anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'dear kfc, "every day", not "everyday".', 'andy proctor , of more happy life podcast, asks what he can do as a tourist in singapore. i gave my two cents. ..anchor.fm.mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'today sibei hot, can? my armpit is become yan kit swimming pool liao.', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'wife, preparing to go to work in the morning: "was that thunder?"..me, still in bed, under my blanket: "no, that was me farting."..', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'me: "china forced a british prisoner to watch nicolas cage movies.  would not cruel and unusual punishment."..frien "what if they make me watch tanglin?"..me: "i  do not think china is that cruel."', 'full blog post at: ..-----..today i learne there is a big difference between bus 971e and 951e. the former takes you from dhoby ghaut to royal plaza hotel on scotts road...the latter goes from dhoby ghaut to woodlands...non-stop...on the cte...all the way...from orchard road...to woodlands...woodlands ave 5...as you sit in the bus...in horror...i  did not even bring my passport...........(i need new glasses, man.)....', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'just got this as a belated bd present from the wife...wow, impressive sound from this tiny x-mini click 2 bluetooth speaker.', 'kim huat and the burger.', 'at fusionopolis , they have buildings named solaris, galaxis, connexis, symbiosis, kinesis, and innovis...i suggest the next phase of fusionopolis be named appendicitis, syphilis and halitosis.', 'waiting.  ._____........', 'night view of nagasaki from mount inasa,  ._____......', 'look see look see only...   ', "kurashiki's bikan historical quarter,   ._____.......", '"spicy tsukemen please."."spicy?" the staff asked me.."yes, spicy.".spicy?" she asked me again.."yes, spicy."..next morning, i discover that you must not underestimate japanese spicy tsukemen...yes, spicy...  ', 'nac congratulates sonny liew for the work that must not be named.', 'coin master, the fastest way to lose friends on fb. ', "me chillin' at mount  on a summer's day, murodo,  japan._____.........", ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'must be the japanese hotel washing machine and dryer too powerful, my jeans like shrunk liao...  ', ' pond, mount  murodo,  japan._____......', 'signs you are a little blur from traveling: you have a moment of panic as you feel your pocket for your iphone. and  it is actually in front of you playing a video you were watching.', 'at mount tate, where there is still snow in the middle of summer. the japanese school summer holidays have begun and kids are everywhere...my tateyama kurobe alpine route journey began in nagano and ended in toyoma:..bus->trolley bus_>funicular->ropeway->trolley bus->bus->funicular->local train...then a late shinkansen to himeji...shacked...  ', 'good evening, ........', "song you sing to your electronic devices and powerbank when it is the end of a long travel day, and you're nowhere near a power socket yet...  ", 'tried my best to dress in neutral colours to blend in with the locals. then forgot i have blue hair...  ', "it is odd to get a buzz from the lta mytransport app about delays on the ew line...while you're in japan.", 'good morning from the 70th floor, yokohama...  ', ' by night......', ' reads the news (kind of) -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'very the good...micappella. at 18:45 .. it is notyet, but why not ourevolution of ndp songsto get you in the patriotic mood? ..     ', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'the mrbrown show - mrbrown and miyagi talk cock. (five five-minute segments)..part 1: .part 2: .part 3: .part 4: .part 5: ....anchor.fm.the mrbrown show part 1/5 -  mrbrown and miyagi talk cock by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'kim huat teaches you millennial slang part 2. you asked for more slang, kim huat obliges.', 'i really enjoyed watching kooza by cirque du soleil with mom. i have seen my share of cirque du soleil productions but  felt very fresh and engaging to me. the set design was stunning and the costumes had a more circus-y feel. thumbs way up!._____.......', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', "kim huat teaches you millennial slang. yassss, kim huat's millennial slang game is so lit and on fleek. and he shares his wisdom with you.", "ok. have to write  1,000 times as punishment...that is not , but  as in  dzh... means malfeasance  or fail to do one's duty ...#", ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'whenever the lta mytransport app buzzes on my watch, i know it  will not be good news one.', ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -  by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'another saturday dinner at the lees...soup is a  can notonese staple. tonight, mom made the pork rib soup with apples, figs and chestnuts. she is so good with soups.', "pro-tip: when you travel overseas, you may have a separate pocket wifi or you are using a foreign sim card on a second smartphone...and in those cases, you  do not plan to use roaming data on your singapore line. but be aware: turning off data roaming on your smartphone  does not always work...somehow or other, some apps on your smartphone will still override this and try to get online, and you will end up incurring data roaming charges every day you are overseas...the more secure solution is to get your singapore telco to turn it off for you at their end. then if you need it, you can still turn it on, on demand, with a command like 123# for m1 and 101# for singtel...you're welcome.", ' reads the news -  ..anchor.fm.kim huat reads the news -th 2017 by mrbrown | anchor - radio, reinvented', 'hurt my neck in the extreme sport of sleeping. i can now only turn my head to the right, and robocop turn my body if i want to look left.', 'i shall sing my spider-man: homecoming thoughts..."spider-man, spider-man,.this new spidey will please the fans.he\'s got charm, he\'s got wit,.he shows iron man, he\'s got grit.look out!.here comes new spider-man!"..so watching  again. welcome home, spidey. welcome home...', 'so lift the party whip means what ah? when the whip comes down will be more painful ah?', 'go with him if you want to live.', 'space station. shot with ', 'stadium station, singapore. shot with ', 'break out the sweaters and down jackets, people!', 'visiting .._____...', 'always exciting to get packages delivered. my early bird moment v2 lenses and moment photo case have arrived! yay!..(i was a kickstarter backer and paid for this, so just to be clear, ', 'there are two kinds of cars in singapore. cars which are not uber/grab cars. and the honda vezel...(need to clarify: vezels are good cars.)', 'another saturday, another simple lee family dinner for 15.5 pax, by mom and the talented younger brother (the youngest brother also pro-cook).', "chiong ah! ..playstation asia. at 180 ..have you checked out the ps store today?..choose from any 2 selected titles such as horizon zero dawn, uncharted 4: a thief's end, the last guardian and many others to enjoy 50% off! offer ends on !..sg: .my: .i .th: ", 'i was typing "video light" and ended up typing "bideo light"...so beng sia.', 'kim huat feels your pain during the mrt line disruption at the north-south line today. ..photo credit: mike s.', 'seen in hk', 'when dealing with a complex will that has gone through six to seven iterations, it is important to pay attention to the prostate.', 'rendang is life.', 'selamat hari raya aidilfitri to my muslim readers and fans!..(oh dear, now i have a craving for malay food.)', 'a very wet sunday.._____....', 'my weekend minimalist edc (every day carry)..-sennheiser clipmic digital lavalier mic.-sirui 18mm iphone lens with mount.-fujifilm x00t, black, with spare battery.-zeiss lens cleaning wipes.-keys with fenix uc02ss rechargeable keychain flashlight (130 lumens).-zebra eandz pen.-kleenex fresh wet wipes.-joby griptight one gp stand.-apple airpods.-tatonka plain wallet.-tom bihn small cafe bag .-apple iphone 7 plus red special edition.-apple watch series ii stainless steel with sea blue leather classic buckle..(not in photo, ower pb6qc 6,000 mah usb-c powerbank).._____............', 'the great thing about having children is you can pass down the phones, powerbanks, computers backpacks, bicycles, and clothes you outgrow.', 'app are notly, 313 somerset blackout for an hour already, b3 to 5th floor. 8 floors! jialat sia...(photo shared by made with love in b2)', 'q: how much does a sosher media infruencer weigh?..a: an instagram.', 'i watched  on a monday morning, jet-lagged. so i think i ended up being more forgiving. (contains spoilers, but i  do not think it matters, for a michael bay movie.)..mrbrown.com.see what show: transformers: the last knight', 'kim huat weighs in on a family feud.', 'chinese phone scammer: "" ("this is the police")..my mother\'s friends get worried and ask her to hang up...my mother, to her friends:" no way."..my mother, shouting at the phone scammer: "!"..("you are full of fart! you go and die! you go and die now! you go and quickly die!")..then mom hung up. "i am not letting these people off without a good scolding."..i guess the china scammer picked the wrong auntie to call.', 'home.', "in case you need last-minute father's day ideas. ", 'night tram,ket street, ._____......', 'waiting for ice-cream at smitten, hayes valley, ._____....', 'as my siblings know, i am presently overseas till the 17th of. i will consider this matter further after i return this weekend but really, guys. i  do not care if we have mao shan wang or red prawn. buy both and we will all be happy. -dai gor.', 'look on my organ of the state, ye mighty, and despair!', 'i reminded my kids today, "papa does not think his children are ready to have facebook. and papa does not want family matters to be aired publicly. settle your differences privately. we are lees.  do not besmirch papa\'s good name."', 'er', 'the annual callicoon tractor parade 2017.._____..........', ' you read menus like this.', 'last time our mother also got use fidget spinner called cane...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'shake shack at madison. ._____........', "i like this photo because it has all the stuff i love and use for travel:..1. my montbell goretex hat (my wife calls it my paddington the bear hat)..2. my merino wool icebreaker tech-lite tee...3. my tom bihn synapse 19 backpack in original halycon...4. my apple watch 2 with the milanese strap...5. and the thing taking the photo, my fuji ro2...oh, and hidden behind the backpack, in my hand, my red iphone 7 plus triggering the fuji app's remote function...i am in damascus, pennsylvania, right now, in the countryside, about three hours away from new york city. we are near the border of the state line between pennsylvania and new york state...nearby is the town of callicoon, that sits on the new york state side.  it is all very different from being in manhattan, quieter and surrounded by trees and birds. i have been sleeping better here. the silence is peaceful and lovely.be i will write some poetry now...and in case you're wondering, this is  just a photo from a ._____.....", 'more than one way. ._____........', 'my second time eating this for dinner in the space of two days.  do not judge me...  ', 'i am in a new york state of mind.._____........', 'new york, wa di li lai bin...  ', 'on southwest airlines, where they use a free seating system...southwest airlines flight attendant: "ladies and gentlemen,  it is just a seat, not a career choice."._____....', 'sunset, chicago midway. one more flight to go.._____....', "kim huat goes to apple's ..", 'the apple  smart speaker has an a8 chip inside and a 4-inch sub and an array of tweeters. you can control it with siri and apple music...shipping infor the us, the uk and australia, and for the rest of us innext year... ', 'new 10.5-inch  with a bigger screen with the same weight. with  for ipad, you can do drag and drop images and other assets between apps. and the new files app gives the ipad a much-needed folder directory system...the new 10.5" ipad pro supports usb3 speeds and fast-charging via the 29w usb-c charger and cables... ', 'whoa. imac pro! "the most powerful mac ever"..with 8 to 16-core xeon processors, radeon vega gpu, 10gbps ethernet, up to 128gb ram and four thunderbolt 3 ports!!!..available infrom usd4,999... ', 'tim cook: "this is gonna be the biggest  ever!"..apple tv gets amazon, and apple watch gets new faces from toy story...', 'greetings from sunny san jose! i am at the apple worldwide developers conference with the rest of the singapore media. watch this facebook space and my twitter for updates!  ', 'went to great mall in sean jose for look look see see today...suffered mild internal injury from controlling my need to "buy all the things", and some external injury and bruises from tripping and face-planting on an uneven part of the pavement (camera and iphone were uninjured, in case you\'re wondering)...you can say that mrbrown had a good trip so far...  ..: trevor tan', 'wah, coach at the outlet mall very the smart. give free wifi so that husbands can send photos of handbags and wallets to the wife for vetting and approval... ', 'if you  do not want to queue at mbs, san jose still got gong cha.', 'first thing an internetkie does after landing? take a 25-minute public bus ride to the nearest san jose mall to find a sim card (i stupidly left my regular at&t one at home)...t-mobile cost me usd75 for a month of unlimited voice, unlimited sms and unlimited 4g lte data, and tethering at 3g speeds. not bad at all...i  have not visited san jose in a long long time. it still feels a bit ulu compared to sf. hahahaha!..   ', 'my little preflight ritual. set up ipad pro, airpods, dual usb charger and charger cables for apple watch and iphone, pen and passport, and put on progressive reading glasses...see you all in 20 hours at san jose!..   ', '', 'i shall go home and hug my thunder buddy.', 'verdict: yes...diana of themyscira, daughter of hippolyta, your mother was right. we do not deserve you... ..i.giphy.com.i.giphy.com', 'kim huat shares his love for life-saving. (subtitles available, turn on captions if needed.)', 'me: "i just wanna pick up some toothpaste for my trip. since we are here, maybe you call home and find out what else we are short of."..wife: "ok."..we walk out of the supermarket with $106 of groceries...update: i  did not get my toothpaste in the end because they  do not sell travel-sized ones. so annoying.', 'me, trying to pull out the key faith broke inside my bedroom door handle: "darn it, my tools  can not get it out."..wife: "here, try this pair of pliers!"..me: "ah good! thanks. you know, i used to have needle-nose pliers just like these in my toolbox but i  can not seem to find them."..wife: "oh, these are yours, from your toolbox. i er, borrowed them some time ago."..me: ( ..___ .. )..full blog post: ..mrbrown.com.the master bedroom key broke again', 'benjamin "mr miyagi" lee said this person in taipei looks like me. i said, "where got look like me!".."got!" miyagi said...looks like me meh?..(app are notly, he is ; png zhngmn; a taiwanese baseball player who currently plays first base for the chinatrust brothers of the chinese professional baseball league.)', 'we need to teach our children important life skills...important life skills like being able to shout their teh and kopi order to the coffee shop auntie/uncle in confident hokkien.', "[more  photos at my blog post: ]..here's a first look inside the new singapore apple orchard store.  it is gorgeous. i already see stuff i wanna buy. siao liao...the boardroom you see in the photos is used for meetings and  it is not open to the public. there are copies of the apple book and paintings of the new apple park. i hope to see apple park some day...the forum space on the second floor is for today at apple educational sessions and eeriences where you can learn stuff like photography from creators like chia aik beng...i am typing this while sitting under a tree at the genius grove inside the store. yes. sitting under indoor ficus trees. the genius grove is where you get help with your apple products...i brought my bigger camera, but in the end, i just shot all of these photos with my iphone 7 plus red...interestingly, the wifi in the apple orchard store recognized my previous login from the apple union square store in sf and i joined the network automatically...i like the forum space. i think it will be a great space for local creative people to share their work and eeriences with people. aik beng's session was fully subscribed within ten minutes of the session booking going live online...i think orchard road suddenly became a little more interesting.", 'kim huat does his patriotic duty and gives his two cents on the 2017 national day song. (subtitles available.)..link to official ndp 2017 music video:...link to live performance of because  it is singapore:.', 'recently i saw a brunch item called smashed avocado toast. how did they make the avocado that drunk?', 'simple saturday family dinners in my family, to feed 14. still got soup and one more dish not out yet.', 'dear youtube. which part of "no autoplay" do you not understand? ive already clicked the autoplay switch off so many times!', 'seen in hk by my friend ivy.', "my conclusion after watching  is that mankind deserves to be killed horribly by xenomorphs because mankind is incredibly stupid...i am now ..as for whether the movie was enjoyable. well, i quite liked it. but beware that it is more prometheus 2 than alien 0...aliens it certainly ain't...it also left me with even more unanswered questions. damn you, ridley scott!..", 'video you then you know...mrbrown.com.old days vs new days', ' share   video! ( mrbrown  spelling  mrbrown, mr brown. )  power hor?..channel8news.sg.mr brown - 8', 'i am flattered, youtube, that you think you should recommend my own video to me. ..side note: both the youtube and fb versions of kim huat and milk powder now come with added subtitles for intestinal quality. turn on captions to see!', 'kim huat investigates the dark world of baby formula. (subtitles available!)', ' to all mothers!..photo of faith when she was five months old, with mommy and mama.', 'sunset over changi beach.', 'i am a power chope-er.', 'unbeknownst to many, charlie puth had an less talented asian brother called kacang puth. he was nuts.', 'when you need to be sure.', 'the singapore edition of apple maps finally has public transport info. try it out,  it is quite good...check out the new landmark icons. even the typeface used is the custom one used in our public transport system...i like the turn-by-turn instructions when you are in public transport mode. things like train stations will gray out when you have already passed them. it even tells you which station exit to use, which is super useful in complicated stations like dhoby ghaut.', 'aiyah. i should have waited till macron won then change my 45, left over from my portugal trip, back to sing dollar. euro went up liao.', "bought sonny liew's the art of charlie chan hock chye on   it is good stuff...nominated for so many eisners (the oscars of comics) too!..i sappork!", 'my p are nots to me: "you kids are so lucky. in my time, we had to walk 10km to school, through a forest! and some of us  did not even have books!"..me to my kids: "you kids are so lucky. in my time, there were no smartphones and internet to help us with our school work!"..our kids to their kids: "you kids are so lucky. in my time, we  did not have the internet wired into our eyeballs and brains. eh! are you listening to me or watching something right now?"', 'this may be a necessary career skill for our kids in future...via reddit', "what? people  did not know you could backspace in the iphone calculator by swiping? do they about the scientific calculator when you turn the iphone too? and the ability to copy and paste results?..does anyone also need to know how to type the degree symbol, as in c? (press and hold zero)...or how to type an ellipsis, the dot dot dot thing, as in ? (press and hold full stop.)..you're welcome.", 'the fourth be with you. ', 'i apologize in advance to anyone dealing with me today. i will be a little on edge from my 90 cents starbucks flat whites via the applepay/dbs/posb offer. thanks applepay! i love you!', 'home.', 'watching the day to go by,  ._____...', 'seen in porto..  ', 'palace of pena,  ._____.....', 'in honour of labour day, a classic from 2009...mrbrown.com.upturn the downturn song sung by ntuc', '"the man who was filmed mocking a taxi driver has apologised to the cabby and, as a gesture of goodwill, he has promised to give 200 packets of chicken rice to other cabbies."..you know, if he was really sincere, he should not give out 200 packets of chicken rice to cabbies. he should give out some of the $1,000 bills he was flashing at the taxi driver.', 'view from the highest point of   the tower at biblioteca joanina.._____.....', 'he is the best person to look into it.', 'graduates at coimbra university having their graduation photos taken and taking their own photos.  portugal._____...', 'people rushing for the train,  ..i stood in front of my sintra bread-and-breakfast that was just opposite the train station and observed people rushing for what must have been an arriving train. i suspect they were all rushing to get back to lisbon. except for the lady in the last photo. she just arrived in town.._____......  sintra, portugal', 'studying over breakfast.  ._____.....', "update: eileen has successfully raised the money to get her father home. we wish her family all the best as they sort out her father's medical situation in singapore...give.asia.please help me bring my father home", 'crushing on the douro river in the douro valley, home of port wine, in the city of pinho, ._____.....', "bom dia! that means good morning in portuguese! i am sitting here in the sunny university town of coimbra, portugal, and browsing through instagram and i came across this valentine's day post and thought, how sweet!..i tried reading the card but there is some smaller text i cannot make out because i have old flower eyes. if anyone can transcribe for me, that would be appreciated.", 'i am dining in a hole-in-the-wall restaurant in coimbra,  called restaurante z manel dos ossos. it has great portuguese food, plenty of character, and is not easy to find. be prepared to queue if you  do not come early. it only has seven tables. but we all know the singapore proverb: "where there is a queue, there is good food."..i had the mushrooms with pork ribs, a carafe of red wine and a dessert that looks like vomit. i have no idea what that dessert was but it tasted great.._____.....', 'by the douro river, ._____.....', 'so many stories on the blue-tiled walls of so bento station, ._____...', 'this has been my home for the last few days in porto. yes, i chose to stay in a hostel. i think i am the oldest fella in this hostel...when i find the time between walking tours and hanging out at the laundromat waiting for my clothes to be washed and dried, i will share more stories about sleeping in a bunk bed with other folks in the same room, at my non-millennial age...now i am busy sitting in the public lounge area watching season 2 of the eanse...  ', 'beautiful ._____...', 'sunset by the river, ._____.....', "a bird's eye of ._____.....", 'seen in lisbon: he was the hero that some felt they deserved, but not the hero the gahmen wanted.', 'nightfall, jernimos monastery in ._____.....', 'i will be live on the cna 10pm news later. turn on your tv now and standby. those of you who still have television sets...update: interview done!..', 'is another american in trouble in singapore? got nyp beyond borders here too!..[via my friend kelvin lam]', 'i just got a ambeo smart surround headset at  it records surround audio. mine is the apple lightning version. new toy! yay!', 'and we have begun the ifa global press conference for 2017 in lisbon! ..(i could not resist doing that photo in the lift of the conference hotel.)', 'the jernimos monastery in ._____.....', 'one. million. views.', 'thanks for the shoutout, asiaone...shar.es.5 hilarious comebacks over inaccurate portrayal of singapore in criminal minds: beyond borders', 'heading to lisbon portugal for the ifa global press conference. see you all in about 18 hours!  ', 'kim huat watches the singapore episode of criminal minds: beyond borders again and makes himself mad again. ', 'kim huat watches the episode of criminal minds: beyond borders where singapore is featured and gets triggered...hat tip to geek culture who watched it and wrote about it first: ', 'tonight star award ah? who won best london choco roll actor award ah?', 'signs that a hollywood movie has china financing: random token chinese star who speaks english lines you  can not make out.', 'i believe that children are our future, teach them well and let them lead the way. show them all the beauty they possess inside. give them a sense of pride, and  do not let them use smartphones and tablets in public without headphones.', 'kim huat tries the apple clips app.', 'right now, i would like to send a shoutout to all reservists who are having the highlight of their reservist training,  can noteen break.', 'psa: m1, singtel and starhub internet and fixed voice in jurong west area affected by a cut cable. stay calm and hug a bolster.', 'i heard united airlines is a world-beating airline.', 'parking champion of the year...side note: app are notly the road to the left of the car (right in the pic) is closed, according to someone who lives there. but still...via reddit ', 'i miss my lake wanaka.  ._____.....', 'me: "if i ever get a car, think a 7-seater like a toyota wish would be good."..wife: "you wish"..everyone\'s a comedian in my household.', 'you can say theo and i go way back. i taught theo in my sunday school class when he was 5 or 6 years old. and his father was the pastor who married my wife and me...and now he is all grown up and has his own eatery called western at blk 206 toa payoh north, singapore 310206...go check it out. my family and i enjoyed his western food at reasonable coffee shop prices.', 'ghost in the shell (ang moh edition) was a visually stunning movie with an average story. if you  have not seen the original anime version before, you will think this is an above average action movie...if you have seen the original before and loved it, you will be somewhat annoyed that the hollywood one has the body of the original but not the brains and the soul of it...even so, the fanboy in me got very excited at some scenes. like the spider tank scene. or the iconic water fight scene. manly tears were shed...how about the whitewashing part, you ask? please. of course it is. but you know, scarjo held the weak plot together and made it watchable...now to rewatch the original anime movie. and i also bought season 1 and 2 of the stand alone complex series...at least the flawed hollywood movie made me seek to recapture the ghost in the shells of my youth...', 'who  does not want to be a sosher media influencer amirite?..[note: there is no such agency as huat ah! sosher and this is only a parody remix of the original video seen here: ..the story, all names, characters, and incidents portrayed in this remix are fictitious. no identification with actual persons, places, buildings, and products is intended or should be inferred. no social media influencers were injured in the making of this remixed video.]..for fun only,  do not angry hor.', " do not mess with chinese shopkeepers. like these two robbers in milan's chinatown found out. you will get pepper sprayed, then beat up by the shopkeeper and his wife....0039", 'eskew me, you dropped something.', 'enjoy the sunshine your head ah. so hot.', 'one of the nicest toilets i visited in new zealand, at otago central hotel, hyde, a bed and breakfast in the tiny town of hyde, along the otago central rail trail.  ._____.....', "must be a very low point in andy lau's esteemed career: andy lau-boh cop.", 'man, i am so bored of traveling. i am gonna stay home for the rest of the year and just read the straits times and watch free-to-air tv.....update: ', 'very cute, google maps.', 'the whole lot were caught when lining up for their ntuc points?', 'langgar say langgar lah. simi "come into contact".', 'home.', 'from nz with love...  ...things i learned traveling with my mother through south island', 'at the steepest street in the world, baldwin street,  (full disclosure: we kinda cheated, we drove up.)  ._____.....', 'a foggy morning at lake waihola.  ._____.....', 'signs you have been out in the wide open road too long: you think the city of dunedin is very crowded...  ', 'the birds at the oamaru blue penguin colony pier.  ._____.....', 'mom: "hang on to my bag for a while, thanks."..penguin: "oi!"..  ', 'enjoying a lazy afternoon after lunch at omarama,  ._____.....', 'so app are notly the way to siam ns is to engage in hate speech, get convicted, fly to the us, and apply for political asylum there. freedom of speech woohoo.', 'on the road to oamaru, on highway 8 to highway 83, via lindis pass,  ._____.....', 'when one goes to wanaka, one must take a photo of   ._____.....', 'me talking to siri: "what\'s the weather today?"..mom: "how i know?"....', 'lake hwea, from its western shore,  ._____.....', 'spot the singaporean....  ', 'when we entered the town of glenorchy, there was a sign that said "glenorchy: gateway to paradise"...mom: "as if they are asking us to die liddat."..   ', 'good news! 16-year-old special needs boy, henry chow, has been found a few hours ago near bukit panjang, and is now reunited with his family. thanks all for the help!', 'diamond lake, southern end of mount aspiring national park,  ._____.....', 'sunset over te anau downs,  ._____.....', 'crazy mother and son doing the queenstown-to-milford sound run within one day.  it is more than four hours each way. fun times.._____.....', 'lesson learne one person cannot finish a nz big breakfast. at $22, it seems eensive but it really feeds two...  ', 'sunset over lake wakatipu,  downtown, ._____.....', 'hello from south island, new zealand! i am wearing colourful icebreaker merino wool socks on , 2017, in support of world down syndrome day, to raise awareness for persons with down syndrome...wearing colourful socks is a symbolic gesture for the cause. this year, the theme is my voice, my community. support the cause by posting a picture of your colourful socks on social media, tag the movement for the intellectually disabled of singapore  on facebook, or instagram and twitter , and hashtag  ,  and ', 'today, i begin phase two of my trip. road trip with my mother in south island!  ._____.....', 'we took a helicopter to get here. it was totally worth it. the ledge,  ._____.....', 'i kena tagged by mr benjamin "mr miyagi" lee to do the  challenge recently. when i first got the arrow, i said wle, siao liao! kena golden arrow liao! but miyagi elained that  is about getting people to perform random acts of kindness, or simple acts of care, or spearheading ground-up movements for volunteering...i thought it was a good cause to get people to care more and be more aware of the needs of others around us, so i took the golden arrow out of my knee, and did the challenge. this is my video of it...you can also do the same. it  does not have to be a video post, it can be a text post or image post. you just need to share your act of kindness, or someone elses, and tag it  and  and then tag three other friends to do the challenge too!..i hereby challenge and tag leslie tay of ieatishootipost, nadia a.k.a. nadnut, and dennis seow of superadrianme.com, to  and lets see this movement spread!', 'lake hayes,  ._____.....', 'my body clock is currently totally out of whack. shifting from spain-singapore-new zealand time zones in a space of ten days. but a cup of nz coffee makes the blues go away...  ', 'so in new zealand, there is actually a size of coffee called a bowl...wow...: dennis seow..  ', 'the real travesty with ', "game over...the eye of sour ron. at 15:50 ..if you're old enough you will cringe at this!", "you asked. i wrote. i hope my little post was hashtag inspo....mrbrown's quick dictionary of millennial slang", 'just another day in the brown household...mrbrown.com.this convo is lit', 'mrbrown at  2017: cognitive t-shirt', 'you guys ah. so interested in the food served at  ok, this is my loot. haha!', 'mrbrown at  2017: cognitive lifestyle', 'mrbrown at  2017: internet of things', 'cognitive computing is more than artificial intelligence: mitch young at ._____..', 'mrbrown at  2017', 'good morning, peeps! today i will be at  to learn about cognitive computing and ibm watson, and hanging out at the immersive xperience zone, where we can see how cognitive works in our daily lives...i will be updating with photos and facebook live videos from resorts world sentosa today. stay tuned!', 'he is the hero malaysia  did not want and  did not deserve. or asked for.', 'heartfelt and beautifully written...medium.com. do not be me', 'so good, i have to share it again. and this time in better hd resolution (click hd)...bbc world service. at 21:54 .. our favourite live tv moment of the week by far! ', 'a night of poetry and song at puerta del sol,  spain.._____.....  puerta del sol madrid', 'next, no accordion and bagpipe playing...neil humphreys. at 18:54 ..bloody glad they put this sign up in punggol park. i have got a bass drum under one arm and a snare drum under the other ...', 'a lovely weekend at  spain.._____...', 'i kena golden arrow. siao liao...benjamin "mr miyagi" lee. at 12:00 ..im kicking off  - a movement i hope will get everyone to look up, look around, notice people in need, and at the very least, find out more. simple acts of care could be just asking someone how they are, or finding out more about their situation - the example i give in my video was just that...create a post on your social media channels - it can be a text post, or an image or a video like mine - on how you demonstrated an act of care or kindness or saw someone do the same, and then tag three of your friends to do the same, using the hashtags  and ..i challenge and tag three of my friends to  and pass the message on to three of their friends, wholl do the same ad infinitum !..hossan leong, mrbrown and minister tan chuan-jin. you\'re it!  and ', "in singapore, 18-year-old can train with rifle and kill your enemy. but cannot watch r21 movies and now cannot smoke until you're 21...not say smoking is good for you lah. but still.", 'first breakfast after returning from spain. guess what i had?', 'the busy square of  plazaor, spain.._____...', 'twenty for twenty .', "if i were a malaysian in north korea, i would be very keen to go home. if i were a north korean in malaysia, i'd want najib gor gor to keep me in malaysia.", 'a music and poetry event in  spain.._____.....', ' at dusk, spain.._____...', 'i found mr miyagi in madrid...cc benjamin lee..  ', 'the alczar of  spain.._____...', 'lady in toledo restaurant: "the soft drinks are 2, the beer is 1.50 for a small glass, and the wine is 1.50."..me: "wine please...wine cheaper than soft drink lor...wine 1 : soft drinks 0..(and yes, i think i over-ordered.)..  ', 'i have decided that i quite like the sit outside in the sun lim kopi all day and watch people go by lifestyle here in spain. especially when the weather is a breezy 18c...  ', ' early morning. spain.._____....', ' spain.._____...', 'flamingo dancing seems very popular in spain...(ya lah, i know  it is flamenco. hahaha!)', ' spain.._____...', 'and now my brain is in siesta mood...  ', 'thou shalt not ask for butter in spain. because bread is meant to go with olive oil. and it is glorious...and i could get used to the pace here...  ', 'montserrat, ._____...', 'park gell, ._____...', '  ring road?..todayonline.com.4 arrested, almost 1kg of heroin seized after drug bust at yishun', 'mystique by  at  gala.._____....', 'the gorgeous birdy rhodes performing let it all go at the huawei gala in barcelona, spain.._____....', 'off to the huawei gala dinner tonight. last year they had andrea bocelli. i wonder who the entertainment is this year... ', 'a writeup from one of the attendees of the first  tour i was part of. thanks for coming!...mr brown and the curator | artitute - art news | reviews', "i am giving one last tour at  contest details at the national gallery singapore page...national gallery singapore.ruary 2017 at 19:00 ..due to the overwhelming response from the past 2 contests, we have decided to organise a final  tour with mrbrown!..leave a comment by sun, , 6pm and tell us why you would like to attend this tour, and 10 lucky winners will each get 2 slots for the tour happening on sat, , 4pm. all winners will be contacted via social media...this tour will be led by the gallery's own curator, melinda susanto and mrbrown, one of singapore's most well-known content creators who is best known for his down-to-earth humour and endearing characters like kim huat...leave your comments below!..for more details about artist & empire exhibition, go to ", "good news: no more erp gantries by 2020...bad news: it will be replaced by the next-generation electronic road pricing  system, which will cover the entire island and charge you according to distance travelled...yes. singapore's skynet will be coming online in 2020...dun dun, dundundun, dun dun, dundundun.", 'and that was how world war iii started...reddit.com.malaysian food is tastier than singaporean food.  r/malaysia', "biggest. tv. cockup. ever. ..(warren beatty was given the wrong envelope, so it wasn't his fault.)", "in other news, suicide squad is now an oscar-winning movie...(in case you're wondering, it was for best makeup and hair design.) ", "the iconic nokia 3310 dumb phone is back, now with a colour screen, longer-lasting battery and snake! buy one for your kids. make them hate you...oh wait, it  will not work with singapore's non-2g network anyway. singapore children sigh a sigh of relief.", ' by night.._____...', 'dusk at   ', 'also launched in barcelona, the huawei watch 2...the new huawei watch 2 supports 4g lte and has its own nano sim and esim support.  would not impressive...weighs 57 grams. ip68 water-resistant (means  do not swim with it)...battery life is up to 21 days if you use watch-only mode and 2 days of normal use (also impressive)...check out the porsche edition. every beng will want one, then can say, "my watch is porsche one leh!" ', 'i am at the huawei mobile p10 launch in barcelona. dat camera tho...it has an f1.8 summilux for the back camera and f1.9 for the selfie front camera. i am intrigued...', 'how are the old farts who went to the old fart rocker concert recovering on this fine sunday?  ', 'my first meal in barcelona. pizza and a beer. yum...  ', 'it was bugging me. i told google, and google fixed it. thanks, google maps!', 'heading to  in barcelona! see you all in half a day!', 'downside of moving between iphones, you have to teach her all your singlish and singaporean terms all over again...no, iphone, i want "jialat" not "koalas"...how you guess until koalas one???..simisai! not similar!..bak chor mee! not back chor nee!..aiyoh.', 'my friend sent me this via whatsapp. he said he was sure it is the real, real tuas fire video. and anything you get in whatsapp has to be true, right? right?', 'after professional testing, i can safely declare that the iphone 7 plus is bak chor mee soup-proof...(note to self,  do not hold iphone over a bowl of bak chor mee soup.)', 'saw this product at the store and decided to show my power bin.', 'these are the real strike eagles...washingtonpost.com.terrorists are building drones. france is destroying them with eagles...french embassy in singapore - ambassade de france  singapour.ruary 2017 at 11:08 ..arme de l\'air (french air force) is training eagles from a young age to snatch drones from out of the sky. the four eagles - d\'artagnan, athos, porthos and aramis - were named after characters in "the three musketeers," and byruary proved capable of intercepting drones in lightning-fast horizontal chases.', 'french embassy in singapore - ambassade de france  singapour.ruary 2017 at 11:08 ..arme de l\'air (french air force) is training eagles from a young age to snatch drones from out of the sky. the four eagles - d\'artagnan, athos, porthos and aramis - were named after characters in "the three musketeers," and byruary proved capable of intercepting drones in lightning-fast horizontal chases.', 'when you thought you found a parking lot..media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'water will cost 30 percent more soon. use your activesg credits to buy a monthly swimpass and bathe in public pools! ', 'water will cost 30 percent more from. save water. bathe with a friend. ', 'i am at  now! heheh. and chatting about the  exhibition within the hour. tune in if you can.', 'sunday at bishan park.._____....', 'q: how does  keep track of his busy assassination assignment calendar?..a: he pencils it in.', "thanks to everyone who came for today's  tour at national gallery singapore! i really enjoyed sharing my love of the art there with you!..for more details on the exhibition, visit: ..:ia loh", 'john wick: chapter 2 is the the empire strikes back of the john wick series. who knew a sequel could outgun the original? much gun-fu. so pencil...go and watch the best assassin in the world with the most kiamchye mia. run, john, run...', 'exchange student who shared her understanding of singapore after six months here:.."this can be seen in the demand for european people to work in places like singapore and hong kong, where our social skills are needed in order to compliment and enhance the intellectual abilities of the natives."..wait wut...aaaaaand rebuttal: ..linkedin.com.studying at singapore management university   kerry dwyer', 'the horror, the horror...(ok lah ok lah, i cleaned the case with anti-bacterial wet wipes liao lah. even my wife saw already also say me.)', "dear florist auntie, no, i am not paying $5 for a rose, the day after valentine's day.", ' huat truths for hard times  ', 'happy  peeps.', 'well, that escalated quickly..jackson kc tay added a new video..ruary 2017 at 06:20 ', 'aspiring gold smuggler caught in india.', 'am i the only uncle who feels cold tonight?', 'a sign you own too many apple watches: you absentmindedly tried to to charge your seiko.', 'a lot of torn-up resignation letters tonight.  ', 'so if they teach you and you  do not get a1, then how? refund ah?', 'er', 'tiong bahru flat has "waterfall feature"!..reader jonathan sent me this video taken last night by his mom at his tiong bahru flat (the person in the lift is just another resident). this allegedly happens every time it rains...so whose responsibility is it to fix this? hdb or town council?', 'dunno eh sai or bae sai.', "come, i jio you again...national gallery singapore.ruary 2017 at 19:00 ..due to popular demand, we're offering another  tour with mrbrown and our curator ! if you would like to eerience the exhibition through a different lens, this tour will tickle your sense of humour and open your mind to the history behind the art...guided by one of singapore's most well-loved content creators and the gallery's eerienced curator, this is a rare chance to eerience art in a truly special way...leave a comment by sun, , 6pm telling us why you would like to win this tour. ten of you will each get 2 places to come for the tour on sat, , 3pm. winners will be contacted via social media...for more details about artist & empire exhibition, go to ", ' is the best batman movie period. i am not saying that just because lego batman is photobombing my lego minifig. the movie exceeded my eectations. it was bigger, better, and funnier than the first lego movie...it even out-suicide-squaded the movie suicide squad...why does it take a lego movie to be the best dc superhero movie so far? they are just bricks! why  can not the humans do a better job of making a dc superhero movie?..the movie even made me feel stuff. a movie made of lego bricks has more emotional gravitas than any of the recent dc offerings. how strange is that?.. ..media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'commuter satisfaction with public transport all time high leh.', 'congrats to our new president!..watch the video here: ', 'dat comment tho.', "artist and empire: mrbrown's tour live from national gallery 2/2", "artist and empire: mrbrown's tour live from national gallery 1/2", 'artist and empire: mrbrown live from national gallery, introduction.', 'should i start building an ark? wle the rain.', 'me to my children: " do not be a jerk and judge another person\'s job like these two women. and if you study hard and end up a minister,  do not share posts like this."..ng chee meng .ruary 2017 at 08:19 ..our values guide us. saw this online recently and it struck a chord with me. many of us have heard or even said the same words: study hard or else youll be a cleaner next time...while it is important to urge our children to study hard and realise their potential, it is ultimately our character that defines us. how would we treat others and do our part for society, regardless of our successes?..lets work together and take every opportunity to inculcate the right values in our kids.', 'noisy kampung spirit will be culled.', 'still in cny mood leh.', 'the boy calder has been found! thanks all for your help!', 'is this the "credible and reliable" news media that minister chee hong tat was talking about? or is channel newsasia now comedy newsasia?', "one moment you're chinese new yearing and the next moment it isruary liao. and there's work waiting on the desk for you. gongxi gongxi.", 'truth.', 'trying out the new  ...my new apple airpods and me', "interesting chart someone sent me...i'd put breitbart and the blaze under poor quality and very garbage right...and usa today isn't that high quality to me. nyt and npr is closer to the neutral zone than that, i feel...daily mirror shouldn't be that high up the mixed quality sector. vox is more hyper-partisan left than garbage left. buzzfeed should be lower in quality zone, frankly. who reads buzzfeed for journalism anyways?..what do you think? discuss.", 'this label was first spotted in 2004. the us president back then was george w bush. the company that made the label is my favorite bag company, tom bihn...this made me laugh out loud.', 'win...streamable.com.legend - streamable', 'blessed new year from the browns!', "blessed year of the fire rooster to you all! -from singapore's number one rooster.", 'on the cctv chinese new year show, during the sichuan segment, this song...lyrics: "the red army is our true brother."..steady.', "mom's chinese new year's eve post-reunion dinner ritual. ", 'view from mount zao.  ._____...', "last-minute chinese new year's eve kancheong zombie apocalypse shopping part ii. oh the humanity!", "last-minute chinese new year's eve kancheong zombie apocalypse shopping.", 'i  do not recall watching this movie.  ', 'i was a little overwhelmed by my huge bowl of nikko himitsu pork ramen.  ._____....', 'brave couple. it was a tad cold up at the 1,661m peak of mount zao. -9c, high winds, snowing and visibility of only 50m. not the "" seen at the lower levels.  ._____...', ' do not say bojio...national gallery singapore is with mrbrown.. at 14:18 ..eerience the gallerys artist & empire exhibition with a fresh new twist. win an exclusive tour with popular blogger mrbrown and one of the gallerys curators...enjoy the light-hearted and educational dialogue between the two as they take you on a journey that examines art produced for the british empire from a contemporary perspective, and viewpoints from southeast asia...to enter:.1. like this post.2. leave a comment elaining why you want to join this tour with mrbrown.3. remember to make your comment public.4. 10 winners will each get 2 places for the tour on sun, , 10am.5. closing date: , 11am..6. winners will be contacted via social media', ' is pretty sassy this cny season ah?', 'chuzenji,  ._____...', 'our terrex vehicles are coming home! yay!  ', 'champion comment on my blog:.."when my school organised a viewing of the solar eclipse for students last year, one of the p are nots actually asked why we must schedule the event on a weekend and if we can reschedule it...sure."', 'cruising along matsushima bay  ._____...', 'is your child going for their p5 camp? better make sure you know the high stakes involved. spread the word through your p are not whatsapp chat groups....simisai also "weighted assessment"', 'sunday at   ._____...', "signs you are no longer in japan and you're home: there is no wash backside button to press after you're done with the toilet bowl.", 'juhyo kogen station at 1,331m, mount zao.  ._____...', 'i think i  will not cycle to work this morning. ..in fact, i think i will go back to bed.', 'geibiki in winter.  ._____...', 'maths time: ah seng went into a store and stole a $100 bill from the drawer. he later went back to the shop to buy a pack of cigarettes. he used that same $100 bill and handed it over to the shopkeeper as payment. the shopkeeper returned him $80. how much did the store lose?', 'errrr', 'a late dinner.  ._____...', 'skiing mount zao,  ._____...', 'so what do i do? stick my fingers in it? both hands?  ', 'going up mount zao,  ._____...', 'simisai...source: .photo: afp', 'this lady trudged through the thick snow to get her waterfall photo and selfie.  ._____...', 'when you see it...[shared by my friend jeff.]..as luke says in the comments below: "til: choose your accident-repair or respray workshop carefully."', 'the akechidaira ropeway is closed due to high winds but  it is still a great view from the ropeway station.  ._____...', 'a walk in the woods.  ._____....', 'wash my hands with cold water after using the toilet, or walk out into freezing weather with wet hands decisions decisions...  ', 'kegon falls ( in winter.   it was snowing very heavily when we got there. but totally worth the journey to see it.._____.....', 'i never tire of visiting kumoba pond  in   i think this is my fourth time here.._____....', 'sledding is not just for kids.  ._____.....', 'welcome to karuizawa, japan.._____.....', 'first trip of the year 2017! with the wife this time. guess where i am?.. ', 'old people with personal mobility devices: the new kings of the footpaths. eh uncle, cannot 20kmh on pavement lah. and simi ding ding ding!', 'you know, trump would be great at pees talks. ', 'seen at lax (thanks eugene)', 'cny coming,  do not liddat leh...[lyrics and vocals nair and mrbrown]', 'yeah, that will block the hidden phishing cameras.', 'kim huat: huat truths for hard times episode 2', "wah! education minister say student should chiong! let's go chiong at zouk, fire disco and studebaker! (sorry, these are the only discos i know.) yo-ah-yo! yo-ah-yo!..(and yes, this is a screencap to spare you the ridiculous and annoying ads from the straits times site.)", "wife couldn't stop laughing watching this. me too...nbc la. at 08:26 ..who'd have thought a polar bear would struggle so much on ice?.this mascot in a local ad for a car dealership in minnesota just  can not stay on its feet..", 'good afternoon! later anyone free please mop me up from the floor. thanks.', '34c? winter is over.', 'oooh discounts!  would not nice. i use apple pay all the time...apple.com.applepay - chinese new year', 'kim huat presents the first of his new motivational series: huat truths for hard times.', 'ours will probably say bang instead of pew.', 'in primary schools throughout the island, it is the second day for p1s already. i hope all the crying and anxiety has stopped. p are nots, please stop hanging around the tuck shop and go back to work.', 'i visit the south of south korea and become a crown prince...  ..brown.eosure.co.kin mun "mrbrown" lee - south of south korea on eosure', 'thinking of  on the  and the ._____..', "tomorrow is the 3rd of. twenty. seventeen. two zero one seven... do not tear the wrong coupon year. or write the wrong year on the cheque you're issuing me...you're welcome.", 'me: "wow,  it is really hard to find the casing and the old 30-pin cable for your iphone 4, girl."..daughter: "i guess  it is time to buy me a new iphone 7, pa."..me: "nice try."..update: we found the cable and casing in some handphone shop, thereby thwarting her nefarious yet brilliant scheme.', 'tomorrow our children return to school.', 'congratulations! 2017 is here. you can stop blaming 2016 for all the things now.', 'this being the last day of 2016, it is a good time to reflect on the year and all that, but i still have work and duties to perform, and then after midnight i want to crawl into bed and sleep. talk to you guys next year.', 'street life, ._____....', 'seeking the next meal in   ', 'rainy night at gurney drive,     ', 'miyagi and i talk nongsern a lot. we also got talk ideas because we are very international globalists one. have you, or someone you know, any good ideas to aid in community building? you can check out  for assistance! ..watch the video here! ...our singapore fund', 'kim huat shares the cold truth...', 'i  this current cold weather in singapore, but of course it has to wait until my mouth is full of beehoon mee, fishcake and chili before it activates a sneeze so strong, my blast radius was 1.5m...busy wiping the kopitiam table with wet tissue..', 'a  photo essay of my time shooting the panasonic lumix gx85 in japan.   ..brown.eosure.co.kin mun "mrbrown" lee - japan: there and back again on eosure', 'half of singapore is in iceland/finland/norway and the other half is in hokkaido issit?..me, i am vacationing here', 'seen at popular bookstore, the powderful prequel to star wars iv: a new hope.', 'all my musician friends were away for christmas or busy with gigs, so i decided to sing this michael bubl song all by myself. all the parts. blessed christmas to you all!.. ', 'from the archives: a christmas song we recorded last year. have an awesome christmas long weekend...mrbrown. at 15:00 ..blessed christmas from mrbrown and the gang from the momma shop! (and in case you are wondering, yes it was done in one take. took us many, many tries though. haha!)..the momma shop is james lye, anson koh, sikai goh and titus ng...better quality audio on soundclou ..vocals by mrbrown.video produced by james lye & shawne koh.filmed & directed by shawne koh.music produced, mixed & acapella arr. by james lye.music arranged & performed by the momma shop..social media links:..mrbrown:......the momma shop:.....james lye:....shawne koh:..', 'this taiwan soap opera, the ladies have the same big hair.', "assassin's creed stays true to the game in that it is beautiful to look at but is ultimately boring. like the actual game itself...(waits for the fans of the game to tear down my door ok ok, black flag wasn't bad.)..they spent two thirds of the movie on the origin story, and then the last rushed part on the apple...and when the movie ends, you will find yourself going, har? like that only ah?..some of the fight scenes were cool. and the 1400s era was way more interesting than the modern day parts...it was like watching a two-hour-long game play-through rather than a movie...well, at least it was beautiful to look at. oh look, it is the damn bird flying around again... ", 'my current favorite pair of wireless buds...mrbrown.com.erato apollo 7: the wireless earbuds i have been waiting for', 'i wanted to show this to my wife but i  did not want to sleep on the couch.', 'shared by my frien..i was in a cab today and the cab driver said, "i love my job, i am my own boss. nobody tells me what to do"..then i said, "turn left."', 'pokmon for mothers?', 'came home late last night and was welcomed by this fella. ', 'two friends chilling together. ...faith and the rabbit', "i have claw marks from my wife's fingers from this segment during cirque adrenaline at mbs. ", 'had an awesome time watching the thrilling cirque adrenaline at mbs.', 'my youngest daughter, after we watched star wars, rogue one, "i want to be the sith."..i  do not know whether to be proud or worried...me: "darth joy  does not sound scary leh."', 'just finished  sooooo going to watch it again.._____..', 'kim huat rides his bicycle. ', 'remember, just because you wear fellari polo shirt  does not mean you should drive like your car is a fellari. #', 'this is part 2 of the sdz117m saga, posted by the sdz117m driver, for "his side of the story"...buddy, when the hole is already deep enough, you should not pick up a spade and dig it deeper yourself...also, i think \'," should now become a national meme...roads.sg. at 19:10 ..video response from sdz117m...this is the other side of story..."i would like to submit my part of the story posted by mr lim of the bmw skm3838g...hope this video will elain why i confront the driver..the police have been contacted after the incident and are investigating."..m chong', 'film-bing with benjamin "mr miyagi" lee today. as usual, full of nongsern...benjamin "mr miyagi" lee is with benjamin miyagi lee and kinmun theodore lee.. at 161 ..a shot in the park', 'eh st! like this how to read your site?', 'you can now control your sonos speaker system from spotify directly. awesomesauce....spotify on sonos', 'one: it is not the job of the transit police to also be mrt seat police...two: why you ownself  do not tell the passengers to give up their seats for the old man leh? so free to take photos of police officers doing their jobs...wle. ', 'happy wife, happy life: pantai beach, club med cherating.._____...', 'the club med pool by night.._____...', ' it is a hot day at club med cherating but i just had a dip in the pool and now i have a 2-hour spa session next.._____...', 'family vacation time at club med cherating. a moment of quiet before i have to take the kids swimming..._____...', 'mini police car, jilin, china.  ', 'watched moana with the kids. it was very good. i miss hawaii already. and now i want to visit all the pacific islands...the visuals are gorgeous, especially the way they render the ocean...i felt moana was a good role model for my youngest one. strong and independent, kind-hearted and determined...joy told me some of the backstory as to why this movie was made...the pacific islanders were the great ocean navigators 3,000 years ago, but suddenly, without elanation, they stopped voyaging for a thousand years, and then restarted it just as suddenly. this story was made to elain this mystery...you can tell that disney put a lot of research in getting the cultures and histories right. hopefully, it will get people interested in the stories of the pacific islands...now i  can not get the theme song out of my head..."aue, aue,.we set a course to find.a brand new island everywhere we row,..aue, aue,.we keep our island in our mind.and when its time to find home,.we know the way."..', 'he sees the  code...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'it must have been a grizzly sight...[: gwee li sui]', 'a grim reminder to us that funan is no more.  ', ' would not a big flag.._____...', 'drawstring pants. so comfy...tie the strings not tightly enough: pants will drop...but double-tie the strings: struggle to untie in the toilet.', 'mrbrown training for the xxiii olympic winter games at club med beidahu, china. he can now do an s-turn. soon he can go pro liao.  ', 'oi wake up and go to work already. mambo simi mambo. you think you still 19 ah?', 'good morning from  beidahu.  ', 'the ski slopes of  beidahu.  ', 'me pretending like i know what i am doing at the ski slopes of  beidahu.._____.: ', 'i am sorry. i tried my best already. every time i said, "can give back? you have our tanks.", the chinese replied, "you\'re welcome."', 'visiting jilin, china for a morning city tour while i am here at   it is a nice -10c today.  would not a big mao statue. jilin city is clean and the skies are clear. i am impressed.   ', 'greetings from club med beidahu, china! it is a little cold here  but nothing i  can not handle. haha!.. ', 'big shoutout to yvonne, the 60,000th liker of this page! thanks to all of you for hanging out with me here!', 'heading off again! going to club med beidahu, a ski resort in china!  it is going to be between -10c to -20c there. brrrrrrr!.. do not scared! i got bring gloves! see you all in about ten hours!', 'from the archives: something i wrote last year when my own son was taking his ..mrbrown.com.to our firstborn, faith, age 14', 'kim huat shares his psle results', 'namwon, south korea.._____.....', 'i am excited for you all that  is coming but my wallet is a black hole.', 'all the best to the  kiddos and the fellas trying to get coldplay tickets for the second concert!', 'kim huat reads his poetry', 'i was so sad when penguin took down this lang leav poll. ', 'autumn leaves in jeonju, south korea.._____.....', 'autumn in jeonju, south korea.._____......', 'grand prince lee kim-moon, jeonju hanok village, south korea.. : ashy2906._____......', 'inated bbq pork (dwaeji kalbi) for dinner tonight. seoul, south korea.._____......', 'recently, singpost said in a cna report that most residents welcomed the junk mail in their mailbox, judging from low response to their opt-out scheme...to which many residents replied, "har? got such thing meh? can opt out? where got? where?"..it seems there is an online form buried deep inside their contact page...here is how you can opt out:..1. visit the singpost site and tear your hair out looking for an opt-out ofk mail link...2. finally find it at: ..3. for "service type", choose "postal"..4. for "category", choose "advertising mail"..5. for sub-category, choose "opt-out service"..then you can fill out the special form to get an orange no admail sticker to paste on your mailbox!..you\'re welcome...news report: ...you have got junk mail: singpost says most residents welcome advertising material', 'suncheonman bay wetland reserve, suncheon, south korea.._____.........', 'this is so sad. there are many among us in singapore who are just here to make a better life for their loved ones back home, and have given up much to be here. hug your loved ones and cherish them deeply. remember to be kind to strangers...cassie tan is feeling overwhelmed.. at 061 ..my first passenger today brought me to tears and i had to hold it back till i dropped him off...at 5.51am, i got a booking from bt timah road. it  did not state what number, just the road name. i called him, he said he  did not know what number or where he was. he just said he was sitting at a bus stop at bt timah road..bt timah road is so long. i asked him to describe what he saw nearby. he said cars, trees, at a bus stop. i asked him to look for the bus stop number, i got silence and muffling sounds..sensing something very wrong,.i said...just sit there and wait for me. i will find you!..from where i was, i thought...if the booking came to me. he must be at the few bus stops nearest to me, but bt timah road was left and right. so i tried the right side first...there he was... a lone indian foreign worker sitting at the bus stop, looking around aimlessly...i stopped my car, asked him if he had booked a car. he nodded. he opened the front door and asked if he could sit in front politely as he will vomit if he sit behind(his words)..he got in, i offered him a plastic bag and a sweet which he politely declined...i confirmed his dropoff address, he nodded. he was upset. so i drove on, leaving him to calm down...halfway through, i asked him if he was okay. he nodded...so i asked why he was at that bus stop (very quiet corner) so early that morning. he said he walked there..i said from where..he said from home...app are notly home was where i was sending him now....very far from where he was...so i casually mentioned.... wow  would not a very long walk...so the talk continues.....me: so where are you from?.he: india..me: u ok?.silence..me: u work here?.he: ya..me: how long?.he: 6 months now...i then offered him some tissues and he took to wipe his tears.....me:  it is ok. you can talk..silence then.....then he spoke..(after this, i was quiet for a long time while he spoke).his next words:.my wife die after born my baby girl...in that little bit of english that he could speak.....he went on to say he and his wife were orphans at an orphanage and grew up together and fell in love..they had to "betroth"(his word "sell") their baby girl to a family in their village so they had money to pay for doctor visits for her pregnancy. the baby was supposed to be turned over to the family at age 12..his wife died during childbirth and the family had claimed the baby girl after the hospital turned her over to them...this man sitting next to me now will never have the chance to see his baby girl or even put his wife to rest...after i dropped him off, i declined to take his fare and even wanted to give him money for an airfare home..he simply refused to take it and said no use go home...he just said "thank you for hear me" and left..he probably needed to be alone now...4 hours later when i finished my driving.... as i was clearing my things, i found 2 $10 notes in a slot on the passenger door. he had stuck them there after i refused to take his fare...i tried calling him on the same number.... it has been off the last many hours...my dear friends, give your kids and partner a good cuddle and many kisses today please!..update 21/11/116.i managed to call through the phone this morning. it was picked up by another indian man who said the phone is actually his and the man (his friend) had left this morning for home..i asked how?.he said "boss give money send"...he told me also...."no call here again"...i hope he will be blessed and find peace within himself soon...i  did not eect this post to go viral but thank you to everyone who shared to let people know what some of our foreign workers face...pls respect 22/11/16.hi all,.i understand you all are worried and want to help this man..i wished i could have done more that day too, instead of crying buckets after dropping him off..however, i hope you respect his privacy as well as mine...since the man has asked that i no longer contact them, i request that you respect his choice...part of a driver\'s code of conduct is the passenger\'s privacy which i will abide, which is why i left out details in my post, as well as a screenshot of the booking...messaging me to call me an attention seeker, a hoax or to release his information will get you nowhere..i hope you will respect my choice...if you want to threaten me with the authorities, i stick by my principles...this post is to share about my eerience that one quiet lonely desserted sunday morning.', 'my first passenger today brought me to tears and i had to hold it back till i dropped him off...at 5.51am, i got a booking from bt timah road. it  did not state what number, just the road name. i called him, he said he  did not know what number or where he was. he just said he was sitting at a bus stop at bt timah road..bt timah road is so long. i asked him to describe what he saw nearby. he said cars, trees, at a bus stop. i asked him to look for the bus stop number, i got silence and muffling sounds..sensing something very wrong,.i said...just sit there and wait for me. i will find you!..from where i was, i thought...if the booking came to me. he must be at the few bus stops nearest to me, but bt timah road was left and right. so i tried the right side first...there he was... a lone indian foreign worker sitting at the bus stop, looking around aimlessly...i stopped my car, asked him if he had booked a car. he nodded. he opened the front door and asked if he could sit in front politely as he will vomit if he sit behind(his words)..he got in, i offered him a plastic bag and a sweet which he politely declined...i confirmed his dropoff address, he nodded. he was upset. so i drove on, leaving him to calm down...halfway through, i asked him if he was okay. he nodded...so i asked why he was at that bus stop (very quiet corner) so early that morning. he said he walked there..i said from where..he said from home...app are notly home was where i was sending him now....very far from where he was...so i casually mentioned.... wow  would not a very long walk...so the talk continues.....me: so where are you from?.he: india..me: u ok?.silence..me: u work here?.he: ya..me: how long?.he: 6 months now...i then offered him some tissues and he took to wipe his tears.....me:  it is ok. you can talk..silence then.....then he spoke..(after this, i was quiet for a long time while he spoke).his next words:.my wife die after born my baby girl...in that little bit of english that he could speak.....he went on to say he and his wife were orphans at an orphanage and grew up together and fell in love..they had to "betroth"(his word "sell") their baby girl to a family in their village so they had money to pay for doctor visits for her pregnancy. the baby was supposed to be turned over to the family at age 12..his wife died during childbirth and the family had claimed the baby girl after the hospital turned her over to them...this man sitting next to me now will never have the chance to see his baby girl or even put his wife to rest...after i dropped him off, i declined to take his fare and even wanted to give him money for an airfare home..he simply refused to take it and said no use go home...he just said "thank you for hear me" and left..he probably needed to be alone now...4 hours later when i finished my driving.... as i was clearing my things, i found 2 $10 notes in a slot on the passenger door. he had stuck them there after i refused to take his fare...i tried calling him on the same number.... it has been off the last many hours...my dear friends, give your kids and partner a good cuddle and many kisses today please!..update 21/11/116.i managed to call through the phone this morning. it was picked up by another indian man who said the phone is actually his and the man (his friend) had left this morning for home..i asked how?.he said "boss give money send"...he told me also...."no call here again"...i hope he will be blessed and find peace within himself soon...i  did not eect this post to go viral but thank you to everyone who shared to let people know what some of our foreign workers face...pls respect 22/11/16.hi all,.i understand you all are worried and want to help this man..i wished i could have done more that day too, instead of crying buckets after dropping him off..however, i hope you respect his privacy as well as mine...since the man has asked that i no longer contact them, i request that you respect his choice...part of a driver\'s code of conduct is the passenger\'s privacy which i will abide, which is why i left out details in my post, as well as a screenshot of the booking...messaging me to call me an attention seeker, a hoax or to release his information will get you nowhere..i hope you will respect my choice...if you want to threaten me with the authorities, i stick by my principles...this post is to share about my eerience that one quiet lonely desserted sunday morning.', 'gwanghalluwon garden , namwon, south korea..______...', 'sunset, namwon city, south korea.........', 'i  do not believe in corporal punishment.   ', 'blooming good time at the dongpirang wall painting village.   ', 'naganeupseong folk village, suncheon.   ', 'naganeupseong folk village and nagan fortress of suncheon.   ', 'camellia island,gsado sea park, tongyeong.   ', 'peaceful sleep. windy hill, geoje island, south korea.   ', 'seen in the independent', 'sunset at sinseondae cliff & observatory ( ), geoje island, south korea.   ', 'plane to busan.   ', 'breakfast of champions. nothing like kimchi to kickstart the stomach after you get off the plane at 6am...and now off to the domestic airport for a plane to busan. no zombies reported so far...  ', 'heading to south korea tonight. see you all in a few hours! so gonna sleep through this red-eye flight... ', "ouch...(and yes it isn't a real sign.)", 'a sunny sydney day.  ..(i am back lah. this is a ', '  you mean.', 'kim huat tries to run for president', "the movie trolls was surprisingly good. i really found my happy place. and i  can not get the songs out of my head now...i wasn't planning to see it but the kids dragged me to it. no regrets...excuse me now, i need to dance.", 'this drone looks like fun. ', 'after the us elections..(via my boliao whatsapp groups)', 'eh, i got idea. hear me out. how about next singapore prime minister reserved for indian? i know someone.', ' do not worry. still got chance for a woman president. ', "kim huat's reaction while watching us ..media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com", 'kim huat narrates a nature show.', 'stupid headline of the week. ', 'i have had it with these monkey-fighting snakes on this monday to friday plane!..abc world news tonight with david muir. at 035  mexico city, mexico ..snake on a plane: it was a real-life hollywood moment for passengers on an aeromexico flight to mexico city when a 5-foot snake appeared in the cabin. ', 'update: the seat next to me was empty. .."let the seat next to me be empty. let the seat next to me be empty. let the seat next to me be empty"..', 'a blue sunday.   ', "casual meetup: if you'd like to join me, i will be at the  can noterbury league club in belmore, sydney, at 7pm tonight, , sunday...update: photo of lonely me nursing an apple cider.", "good morning, sundae. ( would not the cat's name, actually.)    ", 'catch the sun. (at the uts 3d lab,    ', 'that iced latte at 9pm is was probably a bad idea...jialat, i am so amped up that i am typing "is was"... ', "this is mrbrown's third coffee in sydney today.  it is only lunch time...because sydney really does coffee very well...mrbrown will go on to have even more coffees. he will be very talkative today. you have been warned... ", 'end of another great  day.   ', "this robot was developed by uts: university of technology sydney to crawl into hard-to-reach places of bridges, for steel bridge inspection. it is based on how an earthworm crawls. very cool...we visited uts as part of our trip to sydney for huawei's asia-pacific innovation day...", 'just finished the bridgeclimb sydney, we were the first batch of the day! very fun to do. thanks to huawei for organizing it!..', 'big and small.   ', 'we have gone from track fault to dunno-what-fault...link: ', "big technology and innovation things i learned this morning at huawei asia-pacific innovation day:..1. fujitsu used the internet of things to help japanese farmers to know when a cow is ready for insemination via smartphone app alerts. because the window for the cow's fertility is a narrow window of hours...so does it work on humans?..2. i also learned about the big shift from just connecting people, to connecting machines and humans. m2m, m2h and h2h means machine-to-machine, machine-to-human, and human-to-human. and i thought m2m was a girl pop group. just say you love me...3. also of interest: cloud 2.0 and 5g benefits and challenges...4. i got to play with a huawei p9 phone. that camera looks intriguing...and yes, today i am in a shirt...", 'about to start the day at the huawei asia-pacific innovation day  in sydney.', 'hello   ', 'halloween in japan.  would not a hot costume this year...photo via ', 'i just set up my  nike+ now all i need to do is to take up running. ', 'breaking news: ong ye kung and ng chee meng promoted to full ministers from...mr ong will be minister for education (higher education and skills) while mr ng will be minister for education ...no news as to who will be appointed minister of education (tuition centres).', "malaysia's national sof: speed and accurate siol.", 'st, ice kacang or cheng tng?', 'please go national gallery singapore and visit the exhibition, artist and empire: countering colonial legacies, on till ...because i am in it. as part of an audio tour. with the british high commissioner to singapore, mr scott wightman...details at my blog post: ..or go to  for more information...(photos by ung ruey loon)', '"i know. but  it is fully booked."', 'full blog post: ..-------..welcome to the mrbrown school of travel:..cycling around kaohsiung on free lok kok bicycles provided by our hotel, we stumble upon a ferry terminal and scores of motorcyclists and some cyclists boarding it...me: "let\'s go!"..ryan: "yeah!"..me, after we board the ferry: "what pier were we at just now ah?"..ryan: "not really sure."..me: "where does this ferry go ah?"..ryan: "dunno also."..me: "cool!"..  ', "a republican's nightmare.", 'the  (smelly tofu) smell is making my eyes water. but it is good to eat. so strange.    ', 'not every day i have chinese name tag at my dinner table.  ', 'up in a hot air balloon in taitung!..  ', 'my chii lih resort hotel room in   [360 video by   ..  ..help.facebook.com.360 video is not yet available for this device.', 'greetings from taitung, taiwan! [360 photo by   ..  ', 'i think philippine president rody duterte isnt asking for a divorce from the united states. he just wants an open relationship to sleep with china and russia.', 'hello taiwan!   ', 'have i mentioned how much i love our changi airport?be a few gazillion times.', 'uhh!..semiserious. at 18:45 ', 'can. i. sleep. in. on. this. glorious. cool. rainy. morning. please??? ', 'seen in hong kong by my friend yanpeng. someone tell the good minister please. thanks. ', 'one day science will elain how they could take a fun and iconic movie like independence day and make it into a stinker of a sequel called independence day: resurgence...it was so bad, i wanted the aliens to win...it was so bad, pirating the movie would be a waste of bandwidth...it was so bad, i wanted to leave the plane i was watching it on...and why is every freaking person in this movie a fighter pilot?..', 'i think the first aspiration of any photographer is to learn how to turn on the camera.', 'what am i unboxing? check out my ..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'taken by my friend kelvin ho.', 'some books are meant for kids. some books are meant for adults. sometimes books for adults end up wrongly in the kids section. we  do not pull books just because of this...in the book store where i used to work, we put them back on the correct shelf. end of story. stop pandering to reactive helicopter p are nots.....channelnewsasia.com.bookstore pulls cheeky comic after p are nots flag concern', 'in honor of minister of state josephine  teo, here are some of my suggestions. feel free to add your own below.', '"you need a very small space to have sex." -senior minister of state josephine teo..but standing up all the way is very tiring one leh...original news article: ', "today i went cycling in karuizawa without my montbell shell jacket. i left it at the hotel and was wearing just my merino wool polo tee and a merino wool sweater. i was warm enough but when the winds hit: nipple time...nipple time is painful...i forgot that wind chill while riding a bicycle makes the 11c weather even colder...that said, the ride was fantastic and the scenery very pleasant. i think a few more weeks and the trees will go even more red in karuizawa. autumn came earlier two years ago, it feels like (yes, this isn't my first time in this lovely town)...    ", 'letter writer: "the school is providing a service, with its customers being primarily the students who are minors, and the p are nots. students need constant chaperoning."..me: "your head lah."...working after school hours part of \'service\'? your head lah', 'only 99/100? why not 100/100?..(that said, i like a teacher who knows her students and sets high standards.)', 'one does not simply travel and not share food photos.  .. ..this first dish is yakiniku from appi grand villa in iwate.', 'nathan hartono, you may have come in second in the sing! china contest but you are  in our hearts!..how come got 81 judges and then the number of votes is 45 vs 47 leh? 45+47 is 92 leh. kelong issit?..i drink a milo in honour of you, nathan! not sure if i can find a milo here in japan though...but anyway, we love you, ', 'this seems to be a very default look for me when i travel. nom nom nom... ', 'celebrate but not too much.', 'i am black sleeping japanese boy.  do not mess with me or i will use my dark powers to miss my train stop.', 'my daily japanese convenience store dilemma. what drink do i try this time?.. ', 'i have arrived in tokyo for my lumix gx85 shoot.  it is about 22c and a little humid. i just finished dinner at my favorite ramen place in shinjuku (  ) and i saw this nine crepe pop-up stand, and could not resist getting a crepe of strawberries with banana chocolate cream...photo by my buddy ryan, with his gx85... . .', 'off to japan to field test the lumix gx85! check out my instagram and my blog and fb for updates!  ', 'welcome to.', 'ok lah ok lah. today singapore got a rainbow.be even double rainbow. my facebook feed so many rainbow. you all never see rainbow before ah?..-cranky eldershield brown.', 'kim huat also ', 'china very advanced, the 7s plus already out.', "restocked my dr bronner's. happy like bird.", 'i thought the kickstarter video was quite witty. support this project if you like the comic idea. (i am not related to this project in any way, but just giving a shoutout in support.)..kickstarter.com.crimson star: a singaporean superhero ', 'yes, i am in my old anglo-chinese secondary school uniform. yes, it is newly bought because i cannot fit in my sec 4 one anymore. but it is for a good cause...i know, my shoes sure kena prefect catch one. and my hair is too long and wrong colour, so mr tjia and mr sachi, our discipline masters, sure come after me one.....income. at 13:58 .. champions empowerment through education for youth in need. i support the cause by standing in my school uniform...join me by posting an old school photo of yourself in uniform and tag 3 friends to do the same. for every photo post, income will donate $1 to the cause. find out more at ...post your photo with this caption in full and remember to set your post to public!', 'a very funny map of singapore from ole gunner of hwz...via: ', 'home is ctk.', 'home is sending faith to school in the morning.', 'being manly is not a crime. ', 'chinatown, san francisco...  ', 'when your deadlines are approaching and you procrastinated too long...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'caption this... ', 'kim huat in new york: big apple... ', 'not the new york you usually see... ', 'picnic time at dusk, east river state park, new york... ', 'a big thank you to all of you who came or dropped by our nyc meet-up! it was great to meet and chat!..and thanks to colin and yen yen for organizing this!.. ', 'if you want to select your presidential candidate you like, then go back to the selected presidential system instead of changing the "elected" presidency rules until you get your way.', 'this battle may be a little hard. the fella has an aircraft carrier backing him up. ', 'say no to battery-operated lanterns with annoying music. say yes to cellophane dragons.', 'when it comes to iphone 7, it seems singapore supports the new zealand rugby team, because we are all blacks fans.', 'ios 10 updating in progress. do not disturb. (wle my leg a bit warm.)', 'new york, new york...  ', 'nyc subway trains door closing sound is "ding dong" and not "doot doot doot doot doot doot doot".', 'noo yawk, limpeh lai liao! [my snapchat name is mrbrownlah] ..  ', 'noo yawk, limpeh lai liao! (snapchat got some videos) [my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]...  ', 'no, st. "13-vehicle collision on sle due to 12 vehicles tailgating and not keeping a safe minimum distance".', 'hello chicago!!!..  ', 'so this is what it feels like playing  in the middle of nebraska...  ', 'i  do not think there is a place called middle of nowhere in nebraska but someone must have created the location in fb.as well use it because i am really in the middle of nowhere, usa...it is 3.09am now. outside, it is as dark as night. because it is night. and i am eating a muffin i bought in graction, colorado because my body still thinks i am in singapore and  it is tea time...oops. i accidentally took a flash photo. i hope i  did not wake anybody up...  ', 'waiting for the launch of the app find my airpod.', 'first look: apple airpods and apple watch series 2. ', 'first look: apple iphone 7 at the 2016 ', 'pokemon go is coming to  ', 'guess who is coming to ios devices? yes.io bros. ', 'too late for that leh, gahmen.....ok, lah, the context was zika but still...(image by olivia l)', 'live from san francisco: apple eventt 2016', "your day  can not be as bad as these four atm robbers'...via ", 'i made a new friend in san francisco... ', 'isf.. ', 'hello sf! i would have taken a photo for you guys when i landed but i was rushing to get to the front of the immigration line before it got too long. mission successful... ', ' go and pray for the mrt leh...singapore grand prix. at 18:47 ..keeping with the tradition, 10 religious leaders of various faiths bless the upcoming  ', 'no bak chor mee for the next two weeks. ..see you all in about twenty hours. i will post when i get to sf...suddenly i miss my wife, my kids, my mom, and my dual 27-inch imac screens at the office. working out of a laptop a bit sian for old flower eyes one... ', 'note to self: looking at your phone while attempting to take an escalator down an mrt station can result in you in taking the up escalator. ', 'mount asahidake, .. .', "what happens when you try to use sg nextbus app for nearby buses and you're in japan.", 'japanese konbini (convenience stores) are my kryptonite (speowling corrected, it has been a long day of travel)... ', 'seen in asahikawa: they should have this leg poster in singapore trains too... ', 'words to live by. i am staying behind this lovely coffee shop in hokkaido, roaster coaster...i know. i am so not getting any sleep for the next two days. coffeeeeeeeee... .', 'not a bad bus ride view. summer in hokkaido is short and precious... ', "have too much money? spend it on this  auntie bag! ..hypebeast.com.you can now buy balenciaga's $2,000 usd cabas shopper", 'kim huat whacks the mosquitos', '', 'facebook recently fired its human editorial trending team. algorithms are now controlling facebooks trending topics.be  would not why this showed up.', 'travel conversations you  do not want to have:..station master: "all limited eress train cancel today."..you: "how about tomorrow?"..station master: "tomorrow  do not know yet. sumimasen. typhoon, sumimasen.".. can not argue with that, really...the fastest way to learn to be adaptable in your travels: travel during aday protest riot  travel during a freak snow storm (kagoshima where it rarely snows), and travel during a week three tropical systems converge ...i have done all three...i have since learned to shrug it off. as long as one is safe, everything else can be adjusted...incidentally, "sumimasen"  is an awesomely useful word. i use it all the time to say "sorry" or "excuse me"...sumimasen, i am going to soak in the 13th floor onsen of my hotel now.  it is windy, raining and nothing in town is open anyway. tomorrow i will figure out where i can go next... ', 'note to self: next time, go to toilet before boarding a 3-hour slow local train journey from obihiro to kushiro...update: i found the toilet tucked away at one side, after tahaning for more than two hours. wle. relief... ', ' do not raise will be lagi more affordable, right?', 'dear iphone, when i say "sia", i  do not mean the singer sia. please  do not autocorrect for me. annoying sia...aaaargh.', 'check out my berth on the ogasawara ferry. i spent many an hour in here because my journey took a looooong time (24 hours each way!)...full photo essay: ..   . ', 'one of things about being on a 1000-km ferry ride for 24-hours is looking for stuff to do. sometimes you read. sometimes you dine. sometimes you talk with your newfound friends for hours on end. and sometimes you step out on the deck and see the sun set...full photo essay: ..   . ', 'live from chichijima island, ogasawara..   . ', "go to settings > account > share my account info, and turn it off to not share your  information with facebook. you have 30 days to do this or the option disappears...you're welcome.", 'rest in peace, mr nathan. ..lee hsien loong. at 13:28 ..accompanied japanese pm shinzo abe and mrs abe to pay respects to the late mr s r nathan at parliament house today. pm abe was stopping over in singapore en route to kenya...in his condolence letter, pm abe eressed his respect and gratitude for mr nathans act of courage during the laju hijacking...in the 1974, four terrorists hijacked a ferry, the laju, and took the crew hostage. after eight days of negotiations, they finally agreed to release the hostages in exchange for safe passage out of singapore. mr nathan led a delegation of 12 singapore officials as guarantors to accompany the hijackers to kuwait...fortunately the incident ended well with no casualties. but it was a serious and harrowing encounter, and mr nathan clearly showed his mettle in the face of uncertainty and danger...as president, mr nathan made a state visit to japan in 2009. there he met the victims of the hiroshima atomic bomb, the first foreign head of state to do so. pm abe mentioned this to mrs nathan just now. it meant a lot to japan...grateful to pm abe and mrs abe for attending mr nathans lying in state.we build on mr nathans legacy to bring our bilateral relations to greater heights.  lhl....(mci photo by betty chua)', "hello hahajima!..a two-hour voyage takes me from chichijima to hahajima, from father island to mother island...if you thought chichijima was a quiet town of 2,000 people,  it is an absolute hopping city compared to the more rural hahajima, who have about 500 residents, mostly concentrated around the south of the island...there used to be more than 2,000 residents here but after the war, they were relocated to the mainland, and when america returned the ogasawara islands to japan, not everyone came back...many rare species of animal and plant life exist on hahajima and her fellow islands of the ogasawara chain. the endemic species are often threatened by non-native creatures and plants that were brought over by troops and other travelers from the old days. so the challenge is to eliminate the non-native threats to the islands' ecology while helping the almost extinct endemic birds, butterfly and plants to repopulate...we took a drive to see the various parts of the hahajima island north of the populated south village. most of it is protected forest, and the views of places like big bay and long bay are awesome...it was a little surreal to see remnants of the va can not northern village of hahajima. in a span of a few decades, the old thriving north village is now covered by forest, the only reminders of the once-active agricultural and fishing northern village are parts of an old school and kita port...we also saw some old military installations like a wwii-era japanese searchlight base. i wonder what stories this searchlight base had to tell...one of the things people say you should do on hahajima is nothing. there is a very relaxing vibe on the island and besides the view and the etic nature here, i have to say the fresh air and rural setting certainly does make me feel like just chilling out...as the sun sets, i will enjoy doing nothing for the next few hours now...   .. ", 'not sure how you would ask for these at the store. "uncle, ?"..[photo by ervin h, used with permission]', 'hiking kominato today. what a view!.. ..   ', 'down here all the fish is happy  as off through the waves they roll  my view snorkeling today...i am totally blown away by the waters here...   ', 'after 24 hours at sea, we made landfall. welcome to chichijima, ogasawara islands...we have sun. we have sea. we have internet...   ', 'leaving tokyo for ogasawara  by ferry. it will take me 24 hours to get there, as it is 1000km away. no internet for 24 hours at sea. i hope i survive...check out my snapchat story before it disappears in 24 hours. which is about the time i arrive at the islands...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]..full photo essay: ..   .. ', 'after signifi can not flight delays, i have landed in tokyo. typhoon no. 9 has made things a tad challenging but all is well...the lines at the airport immigration were super long because delayed flights were all landing at once. but we moved fairly quickly and i was out in about an hour...the skyliner and eress trains from the airport were canceled for the evening due to the bad weather so i am now taking a local train to my hotel. takes a bit longer but i am just happy to be able to squeeze into a train with my carry-on bags...it helps if you  do not travel with bulky luggage. haha!.. ', 'when i watched the moment pm went pale and gripped the podium and then fainted and my heart dropped like a stone...so relieved pmo said it is not serious. aiyoh, pm even said sorry to the audience for fainting. please no need to apologize, pm. rest, rest, rest and go for checkup...national day rally can always be postponed lah.  do not continue if not well, we will understand one...i think a nation collectively stood up just now in shock. take care, pm!..', 'good to know it is not serious! ..lee hsien loong. at 211 ..pmo statement: pm lee took ill while speaking at the national day rally. the medical team is attending to him right now. they assess that his condition is not serious. pmo will update in due course...update: dpm teo chee hean has spoken to pm lee, and says that pm will resume his national day rally speech...update 2: pm lee was feeling unsteady because of prolonged standing, heat and dehydration. his heart is fine and he did not have a stroke...update 3: thank you everyone for your well wishes. pm lee will resume his national day rally speech at 10:40pm...', 'pmo statement: pm lee took ill while speaking at the national day rally. the medical team is attending to him right now. they assess that his condition is not serious. pmo will update in due course...update: dpm teo chee hean has spoken to pm lee, and says that pm will resume his national day rally speech...update 2: pm lee was feeling unsteady because of prolonged standing, heat and dehydration. his heart is fine and he did not have a stroke...update 3: thank you everyone for your well wishes. pm lee will resume his national day rally speech at 10:40pm...', 'oh dear. please let pm be ok. ', "the cabinet (at my mother-in-law's) is very capable  ", 'putting tissue box in this kind of holder makes a plain tissue box fancy.  ', 'tonight i will live tweet the national domestic report, singapore. also known as ..my mother-in-law made beehoon with curry for dinner tonight. ', 'term 3 week 9. spot on...melody bay. at 18:56  singapore ..if sg teachers were pokemon', 'seen on the nel ....[photo by lionel yeo]', 'make your own scary stranger things title at makeitstranger.com. when i typed this, i felt cold shivers up and down my spine.', 'eh st, joseph schooling go toilet you also need to report ah? need to say he doing number one or number two or not?', 'when i was younger, i used to swim in school events. i was a breaststroker. i  did not understand why i got odd looks when i said that back then.', 'dear p are nots suddenly interested in sending your kids to swimming lessons. butterfly stroke very shiong one. start them on freestyle (or more accurately, front crawl) or breaststroke first...actually backstroke also very hard. i always  do not know when to stop and langgar my head on the wall.', 'the premier league official contract...(via ', 'me yesterday.', "kim huat attempts to break joseph schooling's record", "feel free to contribute more to the list of shameless...mrbrown.com.mrbrown's joseph schooling bandwagon list of shamelessness", 'how americans watch the olympics?', 'epic fail, singapore airlines.', 'lee bee wah, please share with us a detailed breakdown of how you secured ns deferment for joseph schooling and quah zheng wen, since you seem very convinced about your monumental contribution...because my understanding is that their p are nots negotiated with mindef at a personal level...but hey, you seem to be claiming credit too, so we would love to hear how much you did for them.', ' loves butterfly.', 'sat, ..1st prize 2380.2nd prize 1173.3rd prize 6028..aiyah. still got tomorrow.', "some really solid images from singaporean photographers at ..today added 11 new photos to the album life through the lens:the olympics in rio.. at 16:23 ..singapores athletes  are not the only ones in action at the 2016 olympic games in rio deeiro. there are a handful of singaporean photographers capturing the highlights of the games too, such as the associated press' wonge-e. here, she captures the grace and form at theia lenk aquatic center in rio.", 'be i went with lower eectations, but  wasn\'t bad. not epic but not terrible either...it started out quite strong with the intros. but the plot got a little all over the place later. i would like to see david ayer\'s darker cut of this movie, instead of this more "upbeat" cut that warner went with...harley quinn & deadshot stole the show. i really want to see them again. my youngest daughter liked katana a lot. she plans to draw her...jared leto\'s joker wasn\'t that great.be they cut too many of his scenes...is it just me or is ben affleck\'s batman a little lumpy?..the movie takes place after batman vs superman, so there are some references to that. there is a mid-credits scene so stay for that...', 'test of character?! oi, quah zheng wen  does not owe you any soundbites or interviews, mr sports reporter...you swam for him ah? you trained for him ah? you washed his swimming trunks for him ah?..would you like him to a little sexy dance in his speedos for you too?..quah  does not need to show you his strength of character. he made it to the olympics...no quote no quote lah. cannot write the article without the quote ah? must still whine and suan the athlete ah?..leave the swimmer be and stop kachao-ing him. he\'s not your performing media monkey...------.from the article:.."as various interviews were going on elsewhere along the line, we waited a little longer, before quah emerged at one end, and walked past us all without breaking stride, only saying "hi guys", before disappearing..i just wished he stood up to face questions instead of walking off...because at this level, that is what athletes do"', 'for  i suggest we promote the legend of the ivan heng crab! ', "happy 51st birthday, singapore! this is our family's makan for our yearly tradition of watching the national day parade live on tv with a mixture of patriotism and snark...  ", ' channel 8 news..channel8news.sg.mr brown catch them all, singapore - 8..8 8world news. at 138 ..89 go mrbrown.count on me, singaporecatch them all, singapore.', '8 8world news. at 138 ..89 go mrbrown.count on me, singaporecatch them all, singapore.', "mrbrown asks the nation to unite and catch them all, on singapore's 51st birthday...a production of ", ' public advisory: not everything you see on your screen is a pokemon this month.', 'i have too many books on mine.', 'cleaning pro...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'thank you winnie teo for making it 50,000 likes for this humble page. i will continue to make stuff for you all on my blog and my other platforms for as long as i can...i will hang in there like this grasshopper clinging on to my car as we drove away from mount asahidake in hokkaido..."take me away from the countryside," he seemed to be saying. "take me to the city with the big lights and the fancy restaurants!"..tenacity is my middle name, and probably also this japanese grasshopper\'s.', '..66.media.tumblr.com.66.media.tumblr.com..the next web. at 22:18 ..god dammit!..via: tnw deals.source: ', 'the next web. at 22:18 ..god dammit!..via: tnw deals.source: ', 'sunset over tokyo. japan... ', 'i have to say this image of our pm at the state dinner made me happy at two levels...1. i appreciate that he cares enough about camera angle to lower himself for the shot...2. he heck-caringly did the singaporean ah beng squat in the white house lawn ftw...(image by reuters)', 'eskew me, cnn. who is lee hisien loong ah? ..(sent to me by faith t)', "this scene i captured while hiking today in higashikawa, hokkaido, made me happy. i share this with you...mount asahidake on an awesome summer's day. 17c and the sun was out. shiok!.. ", 'not just a bin centre....nac bin centre', 'gosh, how i love japanese konbini (convenience stores)... ', 'things that make a traveler happy:..1. free laundry room on the tenth floor of my hotel. just in time for mid-trip wash...2. an onsen for me to soak in while waiting for my laundry to finish...3. this view while i bathe and do laundry...i like wakkanai already. yes,  it is a super sleepy town on the northern tip of hokkaido but the pace is nice and slow... ', '', 'this is super chao kuan behaviour.."someone offers people a powerbank at the train station. if they accept it, she brings them to [xx food outlet] where there are 4 insurance agents each occupying a table for 4 pax...said insurance agents then of course try to sell some products to the unsuspecting individuals...[xx food outlet] staff have tried to ask the agents to leave gently, saying its peak lunch time and there\'s a queue that stretches out of the outlet with patrons waiting for seats...the agents ignore the staff despite taking up all of the outlet\'s outdoor seating."..(witnessed by my friend, shared with his permission.)', 'what sorcery is this?..media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'heart-wrenching stuff...bob lee added 49 new photos to the album last wish  by lim hwee hwee and bob lee.. at 15:03 ...........singapore flyer ...auntie lucy..auntie lucy..auntie lucy.auntie lucy..auntie lucy.........these series of photographs are specially dedicated to the patients residing in the hospice  every set of imagery is captured with one sole purpose - to fulfil a last wish...my first encounter with assisi hospice was purely co-incidental. a volunteer of the hospice contacted me and asked if i could help fulfil the last wishes of the patients...i thought to myself, photography can capture happy memories. if photography can be used as a tool to fulfill peoples wishes, i will be glad to offer my photographic technical know-how. i agreed...my first assignment - a wedding picture for mdm lee. though she had been married for over 10 years, mdm lee had never taken any wedding photograph and had always yearned for one. her wish was simple  to have a wedding photograph with her beloved partner before she bids farewell to the world...from the initial visit to the hospice to the actual photography shoot, it merely took a few days. soon, the photographs were developed and given to mdm lee. the joy on mdm lees face when she first saw her long-awaited bridal pictures was obvious. my sense of personal satisfaction from her reaction to the photographs was immeasurable...sadly, that was her first and last wedding photograph. mdm lee passed away shortly after we met...my second assignment - mr chia..his final wish  to eerience his first-ever ride on the singapore flyer with his family members...on the actual day, we took some family shots at the hospice and headed to the singapore flyer, with the company of the medical staff and his loved ones  for his long-anticipated eerience...concerned with the severity of mr chias medical condition, the medical staff of the hospice came well-prepared with a carload of medical supplies and equipments. a wheelchair, an oxygen mask, a fan and the list went on...mr chias son looked somewhat uncertain and a little lost in the presence of his fragile father, not knowing how or what to do next to relieve his discomfort. her daughter stood faithfully by his side, cleaned his mouth after he coughed and fanned him from time to time...every family has their own stories. often, true feelings are revealed only during a critical time when a loved one is bordering on the brink of death...the volunteer at the hospice shared that mr chia had passed away five days after the trip to the singapore flyer. hopefully, he was at peace at that time and did not leave with many regrets...my most memorable eerience at the hospice was the photoshoot with auntie lucy. auntie and her old mate had been together for more than half a century but they had never said their wedding vows...her last wish  to have a wedding solemnisation ceremony with her beloved life partner...on the actual day of the shoot, she did not say anything and i did not probe. the doctor specially paid her a visit at her ward to check that she was in a stable condition...doctor: do you know where you are now?.auntie lucy: im in the bridal room now..doctor: what?.auntie lucy: im getting married today, thats why im in the bridal room now..doctor: hahaha, auntie lucy, you are very well and in good spirit indeed!..during the wedding solemnisation ceremony, auntie lucy could not hold back her tears. she sobbed. twice...her make-up was complete and they were ready for the wedding shoot. as her doting mate gently caressed her hair, she cried  for the first time...later, as her devoted mate lifted her wedding veil, tears welled up in her eyes again. for the second time, she cried  this time, tears of happiness and contentment rolled down her cheeks...im humbled by the fact that i have had the opportunity to do my part to help fulfill her last wish, a secret wish that had been buried in her heart for over fifty years...this project to help fulfil others dreams is still ongoing...through my lens, i hope to do my little part to encapsulate memories and bring joy to these hospice patients before they conclude the life journeys...-.translated by.dorothy ng..', ' day 4, miyagi prefecture...in one day, i soaked in the outdoor onsen in ryokan onuma in miyagi prefecture where i stayed, then went hiking at naruko gorge, followed by lunch at shiogama seafood wholesaleket (we ate fresh tuna and salad) and a boat ride at matsushima bay, ending at the godai-do temple and tea at kanrantei teahouse that overlooks the bay...i have never eaten this much fresh tuna in my life. burp... ', ' day 3. too many places to share so i will just share one eerience on this leg of my trip: the geibi gorge boat ride, in ichinoseki city, iwate prefecture...the air was clear after the rain. and we moved through the waters of the 2km-long geibi gorge surrounded by nature, by fish in the waters, and dragonflies. then the mist rolled in. and then our boatman (boat lady?) broke into song, her voice ringing through the gorge and echoing through the soaring cliffs...magical... ', 'wah. this story is like something out of taiwan soap opera ', ' it is my second day in  and i woke up at 5am to cycle along the oirase gorge. it was a lovely 14km along the towada stream, especially when you get to enjoy views like this...   ', 'my first day in the tohoku region, japan. this is the view of the mount hakoda in aomori prefecture.  it is summer in japan but here in the north,  it is around 24c. the air is refreshing and the sun is out. not a bad way to spend a monday... ', 'once more unto japan. will share more photos soon.  ', 'asean stands for agree simi, everybody also no...todayonline.com.no asean consensus on s china sea despite rounds of talks', 'minds film festival 2016..this event is a collaboration between the singapore film society and movement for the intellectually disabled of singapore  to raise awareness for people with intellectually disability in singapore...british directore gull will be in singapore to present her new film, my feral heart, the asian premiere of which will open the festival on . it stars steven brandon as a young man with downs syndrome, who is brought to live in a care home after his elderly mothers death, and who brings as well as finds new joy and meaning in life, to those around him and to himself. mr brandon has the same disability in real life...the festival will from from to ...the full festival schedule and ticketing (which is only $6 for public) is here : ', 'dear madam, please continue to have a phobia of borrowing books so the rest of us  will not be deprived of library books from late returns...the library system sent you reminders and the library officer even gave you a discount on your fine. and you still complain...when my kids were late in returning their books last time, i made them pay the fines from their allowance. it taught them to return books on time very quickly. you should try it...the authorities do have a proper system for helping library users.  it is called fining people like you so that the rest of us  will not have to put up with less books to borrow...either wake up your idea and park your sense of entitlement, or stop going to the public library...yours sincerely,.mrbrown, public library lover', 'so this clinic is called pew pew pew issit?', 'after all my kowpeh, michelle lin guide gave tai hwa bak chor mee one star. i am sorry for complaining earlier. now the queue will be worse. aiyah.', 'once again, big shoutout to rachel on rachel harmony day!', 'wifi also got lunch hour one.', 'paging derek joseph of singapore, contestant for the world disco finals of 1979. represent!..(he is at the five minute mark of this awesome video. watch the whole thing and dance like it was 1979!)..hint fashion magazine. at 220 ..world disco finals of 1979...', "saw this wonder woman neck pillow for sale. not sure if i would be comfortable being seen on a plane resting on ww's er, eagle.", 'dear banks and any other organizations or individuals still using the "no caller id" feature: in the light of the current phone scam situation, please be informed that we  will not be picking up your calls if we see "no caller id"...heck, we probably  will not be picking up any phone calls from anyone not in our contacts list...yours sincerely,.the masses tired of being phone spammed.', 'why did the  condo management and security even allow residents to push the trolleys in?..according to the source, these trolleys have been at ine parade road for months...via ', 'my first pokemon. i shall name thee onion butt!', 'uses caps lock key as one of the item buttons in  switches to messenger and replies to a message in all caps. ', 'rough neighbourhood sia. ', 'you use your phone camera to catch "them" all. you dare to play or not.', 'purlic holiday is simi?..(taken at blk 321 jurong east st 31 by westin chong)..', 'i am sorry, michelin guide. i cannot take your gourmet awards seriously if you leave out important food like bak chor mee. on the upside, thank you for not making my favorite food stalls more crowded with your ignorance...guide.michelin.sg.bib gourmand awards for the 2016 michelin guide singapore announced', 'so how was ghostbusters 2016?..i wished it was better. it had some funny bits here and there, some really draggy bits, some flat jokes, some cute cameos. i wished it was better...chris hemsworth was funny in the movie. i also liked kate mckinnon, who played engineer jillian holtzmann, a lot...i  did not hate the movie, like some fanbois of the originals said they would before the movie even screened. but, you know, i wished it was better...', 'the mrbrown show: the stupidest robber in singapore', 'ok, now can make into crimewatch episode liao. good job.  robbery..singapore police force. at 09:29 ..bank robbery suspect arrested with assistance from the royal thai police..the suspect involved in the case of robbery at the standard chartered bank branch along holland avenue on  has been arrested by the royal thai police ...on  at about 11.25 am, police were informed of a case of robbery at the said branch after the suspect had left the scene. upon receipt of the report, officers from clementi division, the criminal investigation department , the public transport security command  and the police intelligence department  responded immediately and conducted investigations and pursued all available leads. preliminary investigations revealed that the suspect had made off with about $30,000 in cash and that no weapon was used during the commission of the crime...the police through the investigations managed to establish the identity of the suspect on the same day but he had already left singapore for bangkok, shortly after the crime was reported...the police have been in communication with the rtp, and obtained their assistance in locating and arresting the suspect. the police did not release further details beyond the initial police statements for operational reasons to ensure the arrest operation was not jeopardised. the rtp located the suspect and arrested him in bangkok on . the singapore authorities are currently engaging our counterparts in thailand to see whether the suspect can be released into our custody...public affairs department.singapore police force.11 july 2016  5.30pm', 'bank robbery suspect arrested with assistance from the royal thai police..the suspect involved in the case of robbery at the standard chartered bank branch along holland avenue on  has been arrested by the royal thai police ...on  at about 11.25 am, police were informed of a case of robbery at the said branch after the suspect had left the scene. upon receipt of the report, officers from clementi division, the criminal investigation department , the public transport security command  and the police intelligence department  responded immediately and conducted investigations and pursued all available leads. preliminary investigations revealed that the suspect had made off with about $30,000 in cash and that no weapon was used during the commission of the crime...the police through the investigations managed to establish the identity of the suspect on the same day but he had already left singapore for bangkok, shortly after the crime was reported...the police have been in communication with the rtp, and obtained their assistance in locating and arresting the suspect. the police did not release further details beyond the initial police statements for operational reasons to ensure the arrest operation was not jeopardised. the rtp located the suspect and arrested him in bangkok on . the singapore authorities are currently engaging our counterparts in thailand to see whether the suspect can be released into our custody...public affairs department.singapore police force.11 july 2016  5.30pm', 'hot sia.', 'i swear this happened on my iphone and the email notification was real.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , holland v robbery', 'be we should stop using qingdao sifang for our mrt trains and buy from dongfang bubai.', 'description of the holland village bank robbery suspect: "he was described as an australian, dressed in a grey hoodie and mustard trousers."..thanks ah.  would not very helpful. i go and look now.', 'waiting for someone to say, "see lah! first the foreigners come and steal our jobs, now foreigners also come and steal our money! we  can not even get a local to rob our banks!"', 'smrt man wants to help the lta with ', 'so i hear we have some cracking good mrt trains returning to china.', 'selamat hari raya to my muslim friends!', 'audio: minister midas at the car park..anchor.fm.minister midas meets a driver at the car park to elain policies. ', 'where am i?', 'poly no have  one ah?', 'might be difficult to spike over the net.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , .. ', 'psa: kim huat going live soon.', 'happy saf day!   ...you know you are getting old, if during your ns days...', '1. clerk.2. storeman.3. scientist..channelnewsasia.com.pre-enlistees entering ns from end-2017 may indicate vocation choice..cna. at 18:04 ..commando, combat engineer or clerk? mindef to allow those enlisting for national service from end-2017 to indicate their preferences for vocations - but operational needs still a key consideration.', 'cna. at 18:04 ..commando, combat engineer or clerk? mindef to allow those enlisting for national service from end-2017 to indicate their preferences for vocations - but operational needs still a key consideration.', "that is an brilliantly eloquent and wonderfully written letter...boing boing. at 10:42 ..donald trump jr. received this blistering response from a glaswegian mp he asked to fund his father's campaign.  ", "why iceland with about 330,000 people (around bedok's population) can produce a football team that beats england but we cannot leh?", 'via   ', 'the english pound has reached a new low after  iceland 2 : england 1..', 'me: "wah! gbp to sgd is so low ah! should change some money sia!"..frien "simisai. i the sgd also  do not have, change what change."', 'weather tonight.', 'oops.', '"really, we have no more homework to do."', ' do not be left out. even the lost tribes of the amazon have received their call.', 'nope nope nope nope nope.....see video here: ', '"fish," he said softly, aloud, "i will stay with you until i am dead." -ernest hemingway, the old man and the sea...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'malacca riverside. ', 'slowly..not sure how sk-ii helps this boy though...(image via my friend stef)', "singapore-based office of grey digital made this fake app? malu sia....grey singapore migrant-saving app shortlisted at cannes lions called out as 'terrible fake' -...", 'me: "eh, no need to spend so much time on makeup lah, we\'re on family vacation."..wife: "ok, almost done. i am trying to look natural."..her dry wit always catches me off guard.', 'sad sia, if you  can not find a close enough friend to be your groomsman/bridesmaid.be next, you can also rent a bridegroom or a bride to be your childhood sweetheart...news article: ', 'took me a while too.', "the most important information singaporeans need to know about the lorry langgar until the shelter fall incident is: what's the number plate of the car underneath ah?", ' would not cold, man.', 'going up.  ', 'i wanna see your paycock, cock, cock.your paycock, cock.your paycock, cock, cock.your paycock..[via  bao bean is in singapore.. at 17:26  singapore ..guess the urls are getting scarce out there echelon asia summit 2016: tech pioneers of tomorrow', 'yum.', 'coming home. ...comfort food in chinatown, san francisco', 'at the new apple store at union square...    ', 'google autocomplete agrees with me about american beer, it seems.', ' pro tip: one of the best ways you can pamper yourself when you are traveling is to be regular. eat more fruits and high fibre food...mmmmm granola...(although when i showed it to my youngest daughter on the phone, she said it looked like "hamster+guinea pig poop mixed with yogurt no offense to the granola." kids.)', 'things to do before apple  begins:..1. connect iphone to powerbank..2. prep thy cameras..3. pee.', 'in san francisco this week. lovely sunny day. ..grabbing my first coffee of the day and yes, not sitting out there in the sun. because singaporean.', 'thanks to all who helped to look for wenhao. he has been found.', 'bak chang ho jiak...[sent to me by christina ang]', 'this is costco in kirkland. it is the xxxl ntuc fairprice of america. everything is in large quantities and they sell everything. i saw a goat and a motorbike here before...too bad i am traveling ultralight or i would totally buy all the stuff...[photos by me, using non-civil service internet].. ', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , no more internet', 'thank you, mr ganesan...nayiffus razzilove cycling sg. at 16:22 ..so i just got home after a mere 9 km of cycling from punggol to seletar.  did not manage to cycle back i was unfortunately caught with a puncture. a few cyclist passed me by and just nodded at me thinking i was waiting for somebody. tried hailing a cab but none were willing to stop for me. so while i was trying to remove my back wheel, a lorry stopped for me. to my amazement, i looked up and saw an indian man winding down his window and he said "brother, you need any help?". this kind soul actually passed me by on the opposite side and made a u turn later on to find out if i needed any help. i  did not have any cash on me only brought my cards out so i asked him if he has a bank account so i could repay his kindness but his reply was " no need, this is helping only". i tried asking for his mobile number and refused also. turns out he was heading back to his dorm in punggolina...mr ganesan, thanks for helping me out. you will be included in my prayers and i wish you well. happy that you will get to see your daughter next month after 2 years of not seeing your family. wish you and your family all the best...thank you.', 'so i just got home after a mere 9 km of cycling from punggol to seletar.  did not manage to cycle back i was unfortunately caught with a puncture. a few cyclist passed me by and just nodded at me thinking i was waiting for somebody. tried hailing a cab but none were willing to stop for me. so while i was trying to remove my back wheel, a lorry stopped for me. to my amazement, i looked up and saw an indian man winding down his window and he said "brother, you need any help?". this kind soul actually passed me by on the opposite side and made a u turn later on to find out if i needed any help. i  did not have any cash on me only brought my cards out so i asked him if he has a bank account so i more', 'update 2: to be more accurate, the cum was covered over...update: the cum has been removed...[photo by lawrence chong]', 'our civil servants will have the internet cut off from their computers next year. because we smart nation.', 'i think i am the only person hiking at cougar mountain today. heng ah, no cougars of human or animal kind, seen so far.  ..i have the three essentials of hiking with me: water, powerbank and lte mobile data...    ', 'for people with no taste...[sent to me by winnie tan]', 'i will just leave this right here. [via lawrence chong]', 'i am in seattle after flying via narita and sf, about 30 hours of traveling.  it is 8.15pm now in seattle and the sun still  has not set. summer days start at 4-5am and end late at "night" here...happy to finally take a shower.', ' would not why we  can not have nice things...kenny sia. at 11:03  praya, indonesia ..you can no longer bring selfie-stick on your handcarry luggage aboard a flight because last week two passengers had a fight on the plane using selfie-sticks as a weapon. ', 'you can no longer bring selfie-stick on your handcarry luggage aboard a flight because last week two passengers had a fight on the plane using selfie-sticks as a weapon. ', 'trust the japanese to be orderly even in things like this.', 'minister midas live: , productive failure', 'stop the sound pollution.', 'remembering the day we found faith...mrbrown.com.bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy', 'what is this, i  can not even..let me tell you what was my mother\'s killer strategy for making me study hard. she gave me her killer look. also known as "if you  do not study hard, i will kill you" look.', 'these fake notes with identical serial numbers were app are notly circulating. do watch out for any fake $50 notes. police have arrested the 52-year-old man who allegedly made these with a photocopier...so far, the counterfeit notes have following four serial numbers: 5dc995967, 4kt595133, 4ax921719, 4lb831932...today link: ', 'why is this english assessment book teaching students that it is acceptable to use revert as reply?..whether we say "revert" or "revert back", it is still wrong:....(image shared by my friend, serena.)', "made the silly mistake of saying hey siri to my iphone 6s plus in the presence of my apple watch, ipad pro and ipad pro jr. all four replied, like a classroom of siri's.", 'i heard it was a messy period.', 'winston churchill speaks wisdom...ian de cotta. at 19:13 ..the late british prime minister winston churchill gave us many memorable quotes. it would seem, this was one of them.', '"what was it like owning a car, papa? i  can not remember now"', 'went to sim lim square today. what a quaint little quiet mall.', 'jessie j is an awesome performer and singer. she had the audience eating out of her hand. great stuff...(the jessie j showcase was sponsored by singtel and samsung.)', "update: i realize now that i  do not need to tap my apple watch or iphone for apple pay. just bring near the contactless reader can already. this isn't like ezlink where we need to tap physically...tapped my  at fairprice contactless credit card terminal to pay for my purchase with  the posb go debit card worked perfectly. felt very sci-fi.", 'just added my cards to  on my iphone and  i am quite impressed apple includes an icon of my card. the apple wallet had trouble auto-adding the posb go card via scanning though. so i manually added that card.', 'kim huat gets learns a lesson about littering from his niece.  ', 'straits times wins very important award for newspapers and journalism everywhere: best font.', 'gahmen buay song singlish, suans dr gwee in nyt: ..everything also blame singlish lor.', "kim huat live: news of the day, , at the park...(thank you, nparks - let's make singapore our garden, for our lovely parks!)", 'x-men: apocalypse > batman v superman but < captain america: civil war...quicksilver stole the show. also, not enough psylocke...can watch. i liked days of future past more. loved the return of the jedi joke...but pee first. and stay to the end.', 'shortly after i rant about how annoying the uncle sim visa paywave ads are on tv, one of my readers sees this in their facebook feed.', 'two tree branches fall down and never hit anyone and never hit anything also can be news.', 'perhaps this parking lot is only for a 4-wheel drive vehicle...(sent to me by kian beng)', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , 44 cameras', 'the police will be deploying 44 new laser cameras throughout singapore to deter speeding. if you activate all 44 laser cameras, you will get a 3d figurine of yourself...of course i am kidding, you will only end up with 44 speeding tickets and probably a lifetime ban from driving...this laser camera cannot capture faces yet. but i am sure the next generation of traffic laser camera will be able to show you the size of the peesai you were digging out of your nose while you were speeding down lornie road. and maybe an x-ray of your colon.', 'this has been going around. i  do not understand why people cannot see it at first go. you  do not see it meh?..(once you do, you cannot un-see it.)', "you needed a survey to come to the conclusion that long working hours are an obstacle to family time? no shit, sherlocks...what's next? a survey that says the sky is blue?...long working hours an obstacle to family time: singapore survey", 'kim huat live: news of the day, , english dictionary', 'kim huat going live soon. please stand by.', 'the next transformers movie is called the last knight. followed by transformers 6: the last knight returns, and the romantic spinoff, transformers tales: about last knight.', 'kids: "papa, where we live now, is it city or countryside?"..me: "singapore is a city state, kids. we have no countryside or suburbia. and even if we do, it will eventually become city too. we only have urban, almost urban, and punggol."', 'translation: "you call out our bullshit, we  do not friend you liao."..todayonline.com.jakarta to scrap haze-linked projects with spore, says indonesian minister..today. at 14:47 ..indonesia will scrap some ongoing and upcoming collaboration projects with singapore on environment, forestry and  issues, says the indonesian minister of the environment and forestry.', 'today. at 14:47 ..indonesia will scrap some ongoing and upcoming collaboration projects with singapore on environment, forestry and  issues, says the indonesian minister of the environment and forestry.', 'housing gap. (photo by me.)', 'so transp are not ah?', 'money monster was enjoyable, despite the subject matter. george clooney is charming as the outlandish anchor of a finance show who is taken hostage by a disgruntled man who feels cheated by the finance system...the movie makes complex finance issues simple enough to follow and uses the hostage situation to keep you interested...it will make you angry at how banks and institutions get away with shenanigans. but also makes you think about your own part in the dysfunctional system...trailer: ', 'yesterday i tried to share this article and this photo thumbnail came up. er', 'kim huat live: news of the day,  youth kim huat', 'facebook asked me to review this location near me called on my comfy bed. so i did.', 'i miss the old logo already...thumbs.gfycat.com.thumbs.gfycat.com', 'as an eert in this area, i agree. ', 'how i feel in this stormy weather. #', 'not the best way to describe beauty contestants, i think.', 'message seen on one of our mrt lines. i  did not know our trains go so far...(sent to me by a friend.)', "minister midas jin jue lui gives his post-by-election speech.   oh, and happy mother's day!..anchor.fm.minister midas addresses the nation after the bukit batok by-elections. ", 'wah, channel 8 news got mention our exciting live coverage of the chow turtle  battle! not quite sure what it says in chinese but i am sure  it is good stuff! thanks, 8 channel 8 news!', 'no. just. no...david yip. at 141  singapore ..omg, a friend visited a lee kuan yew museum in meizhou and this is what she saw!', 'live from  the by-election battle ', 'when you  can not be bothered anymore in hong kong. [photo by me]', 'x marks the spot.  ', 'previewing the new apple watch spring collection of straps today. loving the herms double tour and cuff leather straps the most.', 'kim huat live: news of the day,  star wars day  ', 'happy the 4th be with you!', 'snapchat update: some new gadgets in the office. see at my snapchat...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', "does anyone know who this korean star is? she's very pretty.", 'thanks for the  swag,vel! of course, limpeh is ', "now that leicester city football club are the english league champions, the first thing new fans must learn is how to pronounce the city's name.", 'happyday!...the labour be with you', "anyone notice that they're now selling skinnier 315ml cans instead of the old 330ml cans these days, for the same price? sneaky buggers...update: this is not my drink, i  do not take soft drinks anymore, since 2006. doctor's orders. thank you all for the kind advice to look after my health!", 'most important takeaway fromday rally: monday is public holiday. ', 'uncletian you power!', 'like a kid bawling in a kindergarten, pap cannot stop bringing up the goh shock tong shouting incident, while chee plays the "i am magnanimous" card. i am amused at how chee says he  will not whack david ong. but by saying it, he is reminding voters of david ong\'s failings...if you really wanted to leave david ong alone, you  would not even bring him up, dude... ', 'well played, afp headline person, well played.', 'support the two arrows for bukit batok! ', 'dunno what cuckoo brand is this.', "true story: friend received a call from her bank's relationship manager saying she needed to update her particulars...then the rm proceeded to ask her if she had changed her date. of. birth...", 'audio: listening to the bus announcements on a lantau island bus...anchor.fm.on a bus on lantau island, hong kong. ', 'alley. ..   ', 'double   today.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , lantau mountain...please do not adjust your tv set. the lens ownself more and more blur because of the wind and moisture in the mountain air.', 'the only friend we met on lantau peak this morning.', 'tram ride.  ', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , lion rock', "go check it out if you're in the market for an ec....my visit to the visionaire, the ec with smart homes", 'snapchat story: hong kong tram ride!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'criminal minds: ang mo kio. "shit just got real."..(photo by sam de silva.)', 'i  do not always selfie but when i do, i use a fuji ro-2 with a 10-24mm f4. arm also sng liao... ', 'snapchat stories: the charging station of a nerd traveler. go watch the video at snapchat before it disappears...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , hong kong hiker', "be next time, khaw boon wan shouldn't jinx it by mentioning it.", 'that hong kong waiter looks familiar leh', 'er, thanks for the info.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, , hong kong!', 'conversations with my youngest daughter...anchor.fm.joy and the chicken rice story. ', 'why, woodlands? why?..photo by  on instagram:.', 'kim huat will be in hong kong and maybe china for a few days, because he likes the cooler weather and eating dimsum. he will broadcast live from there when he can. he sends his love and kisses.', 'rabbits are useful.', 'friday sunset at ann siang hill, with the company of the wife, good friends, and whiskey.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, : do you know who i am?', 'kim huat live: news of the day, . kim huat elores the art of photography.', 'hailee steinfield must be quite sian.  would not why she haiz.', 'hailee steinfield must be quite sian.  would not why she haiz.', 'kim huat live: testing testing and review of the ipad pro 9.7-inch', 'kim huat live: news of the day, ..kim huat says sorry the camera not in the middle. the app got bug. damn you, facebook mentions!', '', '', 'walked into an hdb pillar just now, while reading my iphone. good thing it was dark and no one saw me.  do not tell anyone, ok? very malu one.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, ', 'random ramp or random parking lot?', 'thank you, apple, for making this. for some of us, every day is  ..youtube.com.dillans voice', 'wah! gostan hit-and-run sia...evon limsingapore transport. at 17:55 ..omg, dear cabby, better faster go n admit', 'spat of the century.', 'hemsworth!!! ', 'red carpet at ', 'i will be back with more live video when the stars come nearer. promise. ', "meeting chris hemsworth and charlize theron at universal studios for the huntsman winter's war! ", 'everybody wish our favorite  a blessed and happy marriage! so cute!..[photo shared by shiwei.]', 'today a bit hot hor?', 'left the group..............(   .\\  \\ ..hahahahah!!!..fooled you all..i am doing this wrong,  are not i?', 'please report to chao keng camp immediately.', 'kim huat live: news of the day, ', 'i heard  is going live soon. i hope he  does not break any of my gear.', 'signs you are getting ol you find hi-chew sweets waaaaay too sweet now. and can no longer finish a tube of it in under one minute.', 'you must use for bold, _for italics_ and ~for strikethrough~...rich text formatting  does not show up on the web version of whatsapp though.', 'miyagi and mrbrown at fort canning doing diddly squat', 'kim huat on smartphones in saf camps...anchor.fm.kim huat on smartphones in saf camps. ', "not everyone agreed with what lky's daughter wrote, it seems. ..context: ", "kim huat's first audio appearance. ..anchor.fm.kim huat reviews batman v superman: dawn of justice.", 'the true reason for captain america: ', 'kim huat live: remembering ah kong ', 'good. grief.', 'the new 4-inch iphone se will sport an a9 chip which it makes it a baby 6s. 12mp camera with 4k video too. and 802.11ac wifi. ', 'a friend of mine was googling for a hotel in melaka and this photo showed up.', 'our beautiful island home, seen at night from space, taken by astronaut tim kopra from the international space station...', 'capes this way.', 'yes, we see it!  it is sunlight and clouds and sky!.. ', 'miyagi posted this  audio clip and then i joined in. and it kind of went in a bizarre direction...anchor.fm.is it a bird, or a plane?   ', 'seen at setia city mall, malaysia. ', 'is this what they mean by barrier-free accessibility  upgrading programme?..[app are notly seen at bedok north ave 4 via hwz: ]', "thou shalt only maketh approved images of thy founding father. the mccy shalt monitor thy usage of thy founding father's graven image and if it is found wanting, the holy order of the mccy shalt surely smite thee.", 'from mommy...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: fifteen: a photo essay', 'minister midas live broadcast ', 'p are nots with children who struggle with chinese, you are not alone.', '"the  is also open for other opposition parties to contest in the by-election as it cannot stop them from doing so. however, the party hopes to face against people\'s action party in a one to one contest."..you wish lor.', 'thank you for bringing this page to 40,000 likes. thanks for your vote of confidence. i promise to serve my fans faithfully and without the need for by-election.', 'ine parade town council must be dealing with some very rowdy chess players.', 'breaking news from lianhe zaobao about  case. i scrolled down and saw this ad', 'kim huat live announcement about bukit buttocks', 'update on stpirs road...(thanks,cho mocho)', '..[photo by kyros lim]', 'i felt exactly that way...in case you  have not watched it: ..media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'yes, for your once-in-a-lifetime wedding, lowball a photographer trying to make a living, for free services. classy...please  do not give these kinds of "tips" and encourage couples to disrespect professional wedding photographers and their craft.', 'the real cause of the solar eclipse yesterday.', ' video update: mount asahidake and the hotel bearmonte...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'part 2 of our journey through hokkaido....mrbrown.com: the great hokkaido adventure with mom: part 2', 'snapchat video update: more views from my train ride today...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'wait, what?', 'snapchat video update: the view from my train ride today...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'sounds painful...[hat tip to gwee li sui]', 'update on the lamp post motorcycle lot..."the power of kim huat." - berlyn!]', "shared by my friend alex, in one of my many whatsapp groups:..these are from a book called 'disorder in the american courts' and are things people actually said in court, word for word, taken down and now published by court reporters that had the torment of staying calm while these exchanges were actually taking place..____________________..attorney: this myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all?.witness: yes..attorney: and in what ways does it affect your memory?.witness: i forget..attorney: you forget? can you give us an example of something you forgot?.____________________..attorney: now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he  does not know about it until the next morning?.witness: did you actually pass the bar exam?._____________________..attorney: the youngest son, the twenty-year-old, how old is he?.witness: he's twenty, much like your iq..____________________..attorney: were you present when your picture was taken?.witness: are you shitting me?._____________________..attorney: so the date of conception (of the baby) wasth?.witness: yes..attorney: and what were you doing at that time?.witness: getting laid._____________________..attorney: she had three children, right?.witness: yes..attorney: how many were boys?.witness: none..attorney: were there any girls?.w itness : your honor, i think i need a different attorney. can i get a new attorney?._____________________..attorney: how was your first marriage terminated?.witness: by death..attorney: and by whose death was it terminated?.witness: take a guess.._____________________..attorney: can you describe the individual?.witness: he was about medium height and had a beard..attorney: was this a male or a female?.witness: unless the circus was in town i am going with male.._____________________..attorney: doctor, how many of your autopsies have you performed on dead people?.witness: all of them. the live ones put up too much of a fight.._____________________..attorney: do you recall the time that you examined the body?.witness: the autopsy started around 80p.m..attorney: and mr. denton was dead at the time?.witness: if not, he was by the time i finished.._____________________..attorney: are you qualified to give a urine sample?.witness: are you qualified to ask that question?._____________________..and the best for last:.attorney: doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?.witness: no..attorney: did you check for blood pressure?.witness: no..attorney: did you check for breathing?.witness: no..attorney: so, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?.witness: no..attorney: how can you be so sure, doctor?.witness: because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar..attorney: i see, but could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless?.witness: yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law.", 'part 1 of a 11-day winter trip to japan,  ..brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - winter in japan: from tokyo to nagano on eosure', 'your motorcycle must be the super skinny kind to park here...[shared by hong hui kai]', 'i had to get this off my chest, that  does not look quite right.', 'transport minister suans commuters who complain.', "please copy and paste this to your status if you're constantly being asked to copy and paste things to your status by friends who copy and paste things to their statuses. many people  will not copy and paste this, but my truly sarcastic friends will copy and paste it because they're sarcastic by nature. if you  do not copy and paste it, then this means you hate ice kacang. and if you hate ice kacang, the terrorists win, and a unicorn dies. possibly kittens as well, the kind with big sad eyes. and occasionally baby goats.", ' i hope you  did not tear for your parking coupon today ', 'benjamin "mr miyagi" lee and i try the anchor radio app for the first time...anchor.fm.me and mr miyagi on a car ride home from the  2016 launch.', 'yay! more football opportunities!..tang hong hui.ruary 2016 at 198', 'some of you have asked me for gifs of the kim huat facebook reactions. ask and it shall be given unto you!..you can see the entire set of 10 gifs at giphy: ..or if you really really want to download and keep the whole set, you can download it at:....enjoy!', 'more parking mysteries.', 'kim huat shares his reactions to er, reactions...get the whole set at:...or download it as a zipped folder at:...a production of ', "this. exactly this. why should the gahmen know your every freakin' move? who gave them the power to do this? and make us pay for it? oh yeah. we did...iantan.org.when singapore drivers become boiled frogs", 'bus 666 haiku.--------------------.666, number.of the bus, because punggol.is hella far lah.', 'driving plus "any other work assigned." macam bruce lee/kato in green hornet...[hat tip to koh wl]', 'i watched dbss new 3-part mini-series, sparks and it was actually quite enjoyable, even though  it is by a bank.  do not worry, not nice to watch i  will not ask you to watch one:....eh, got richard ng and adrian pang acting in it leh. also hor, the rest of the cast also quite nice to look at lah...you can also join their contest (quick, contest ending soon!). got movie vouchers to win! click the link below:....i thought id do my own set of office survival tips to join the fun...mrbrowns ultimate office survival tips..1. label the milk in the fridge you bought for your coffee, breast milk...2. make friends with the it guy, he is the one who will save your powerpoint file from the accidental delete button...3. be nice to the pantry auntie, she makes your coffee...4. it helps to look like adrian pang if you want to get ahead in the office. add some white colour to the sides of your hair...5. always lock your swivel chair before leaning back on it...6. use good headphones, nobody needs to hear your barry manilow music at work...7. cutting toe nails at the office may affect your promotion prospects...8. we know you are a very busy person, but please  do not eat that char kuay teow at your desk because the whole office will smell like a hawker centre for the next few days...9. there is no need to wear half a bottle of your favourite perfume to work...10. white socks do not go with that black suit...now go and watch the videos and join the contest. thats an executive order from me...youtube.com.sparks  new mini-series: episode 1', 'update on the schizophrenic parking lot. we weep for the one less parking lot...[thanks, dave teo, for the photos!]', 'liddat also can.', 'this parking lot has identity issues.', 'wah. i am in the chinese papers. i got my wife to read it out to me. not that i  do not know how to read lah...for example, i recognized the word , which means laugh. right?..', 'basket. tears up resignation letter ', 'wah. my  video is on channel 8 news ah? ', "isn't this a glorious weather for sleeping in? good morning, all!", 'stuck at home, on mc for food poisoning, kim huat taps into his gastritis and laosai, and from his pain, shares his word for the nation...hat tip to faith t..a production of .', '...mrbrown.com: if gebiz were a star wars movie', 'michael bay\'s 13 hours: the secret soldiers of benghazi, based on the libyan incident of 2012, had some gritty action. bay was quite restrained this time but you can still see his transformers-style indulgence here and there...i was interested in it because it was supposedly based on a true story but the script was weak, the directing disjointed and it was an hour too long. it really felt like 13 hours had gone by...you  can not help but feel the movie was designed to make obama and hillary look bad for leaving those americans to defenseless in libya. the villains were also 2d cartoons...i get it, michael bay: americans good guys, libyan jihadists muahahahaha bad guys...in the same vein as the rah rah american sniper, 13 hours will either make you feel patriotic ("murica kicks butt!") or confused (at who was who, and who shot at who, and where did the rest of the mortar shells go)...or maybe both...3/5 (i was going to give 2.5/5 but i gave an extra 0.5 for the gunfights.)', 'this was allegedly spotted on gebiz, the gahmen procurement website. unlimited changes in bold sia. wah, they got unlimited budget issit?..[via kelley cheng ]', 'i guess the answer was no.   ', "happy valentine's day!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: my sweet valentine", 'never give enough hongbao for the web server?', 'mediacorp\'s rebecca lim on her instagram: "hi everyone i have decided to do something that will change my life. i have been thinking about it for a while now as i know it has to be done. yes, i am retiring. i know you may have questions for me and i will answer them real soon. meanwhile, be happy for me."..she\'s retiring? oh wait, it was a publicity stunt for some insurance company...thanks for lying to us, rebecca! but don\'t worry, we still love you! really! and to the insurance company, we sure would like to buy our retirement insurance from a company that lies to us!', 'wait till it gets to the 47th minute, then it really gets epic...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'i love seafaring stories and the finest hours, based on a true story of a daring rescue by the us coast guard in 1952, did it for me...four men went out in a little boat to rescue the oil tanker ss pendleton that broke into two off cape cod, and the leader of the group, bernie webber, is played with much restraint by chris "captain kirk" pine...i actually like this less cocky chris pine better...the love story bit is a bit hokey but the drama at sea more than made up for it...i watched this in 3d and boy, do you feel the waves crashing down on you...casey affleck also put up a fine performance as the strong and silent ray sybert, who became the de facto leader of the men on board the still floating rear half of the stricken ss pendleton...i should visit cape cod and see the beautiful coast there one day.', 'not my type...blogs.scientificamerican.com.blogs.scientificamerican.com', 'sometimes you really need to noir.', 'i paid to watch  in imax. it had better be good, i said...and was it worth it?..yes. i now formally forgive ryan reynolds for green lantern. and i almost  did not mind fox owning x-men too...a messy, silly good time was had. but sorry kiddos, it really is m18...please do not watch if you cannot take the gore. and worse, if you  do not get some of the jokes and sly references.', 'i feel this way on the 3rd day of cny...and why must i go back to work?!', 'waiting for the weekend to arrive the day after cny...genknews.vcmedia.vn.genknews.vcmedia.vn..zee yazier nifail hamzah is with amran medgen and 11 others..ruary 2016 at 19:16 ..that crash landing!', 'zee yazier nifail hamzah is with amran medgen and 11 others..ruary 2016 at 19:16 ..that crash landing!', 'second day of  queuing at mcd\'s: "please, may the person in front not be ordering 10 big breakfasts. please, may the person in front not be ordering 10 big breakfasts. please, may the person in front not be ordering 10 big breakfasts."..she ordered 10 big breakfasts...update: then the next fella ordered two meals to dine in. and six meals to go. wle.', 'this is our version of  during chinese new year...  ', 'errrr', 'to all feasting this cny, there will be lots of eating and drinking. a friend introduced me a type of weight loss plaster. just need to paste it. very effective. the whole treatment is 7 days. can lose up to 10kg weight!!! and it is not eensive...so i asked him, "where should i paste the plaster?"..he said, "on the mouth."..[shared by my friend, jeff.]', 'me in front of sakurajima less than two weeks ago. it erupted a few days ago.', '"reunite"? why? did they break up?', 'happy eve of eve of cny eve, everyone...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'ferry port, sakurajima, kagoshima, after heavy snowfall.  ', 'that stock photo looks familiar', 'time for some transparency on this matter...straitstimes.com.the o-level track of shame', 'osaka by night.   ', "this poorly photoshopped image needs an airplane to complete it...harper's bazaar hk. at 18:46 ", 'highlights from  2016 held in kl yesterday.', ' also salted egg inside these days.', 'sakurajima.   ', 'waiting for the sunrise seto overnight train to tokyo.  ..[photo by     ', 'commuters.   ', '"i chanced upon a set of ladders while on a photowalk with my friends in chinatown, and thought the view above would make an interesting perspective. little did i eect to catch kim huat up there."', 'this prize-winning nikon singapore photo by yu wei turned out to be a photoshopped piece. you can even see it without adjusting the levels...the comments below the fb entry are funny as heck. the photographer app are notly even said he  did not have to wait long for the plane to fly by...', 'old school streets of kumamoto.  ', 'the woods are quieter in the winter.   ', 'osaka cool.  ', 'mount mitake,  ', 'straits times subscription price hike wor. because got win awards wor.', 'cooks, shinsaibashi.     ', 'this is', 'sea of snow. day two of the freak snow storm hitting north asia. the snow is starting to melt and public transport services are slowly returning to the south-western city of kagoshima...the ferry service, closed since yesterday, reopened, and trams started running again by midday today...  ', 'frozen green man.   ', 'okaaaaaaay [seen at my hotel breakfast buffet]  ', 'seen on a ferry in japan', 'view from my shinkasen train window today. our bullet train heading for kagoshima would later slow down near hakata, southern japan, because of high winds and a heavy snow storm, making it uncharacteristically late by half an hour... ', 'chikubu island, via ferry from nagahama port.   a tiny island in lake biwa, with a coastline of only 2km...chikubushima is a nationally-designated "place of scenic beauty and historic site". many shrines and temples on this 0.14 sq km island sitting in the large fresh water lake biwa.', 'front of the train.  ', 'my view today. it was pretty good.  ', '"mr lim gek meng, 63, head of the kreta ayer-kim seng citizens\' consultative committee which organised the bazaar, tells the straits times that "stall rental prices are adjusted based on economic inflation and market demand".".. would not quite a typical gahmen/semi-gahmen response in singapore hor?..link to st: ', 'sunset over togari, the end of a day at the slopes.  ', 'going up?  ..[photo by ryan]', 'kumoba pond , a.k.a. swan lake in winter.   it is -6c with snow fall. this is the second time snow has fallen in a particularly warm winter in karuizawa...we walked in deep snow and heavy snowfall to get here. i think we were the only people here.', 'hiking up mount takao. there is fresh snow from yesterday and  it is a beautiful day today. still cold though, 5c with occasional wind chill.  ', 'look who i bumped into at the posb chinese new year pop-up atms! i almost huat in my pants lor...you too, can get your new notes for chinese new year at the pop-up atms, this time at more locations than before! head down to one of the 12 community clubs to get your new notes. more information here: ', 'beer and yakitori at piss alley, shinjuku,  ', "this kindergarten in taiwan probably shouldn't have used photos to mark each student's plant...[via  and hat tip to shirlina tan]", 'pro tip:  do not kiss snakes...news report: ..youtube.com.chinese tourist bit on nose by reticulated python at phuket snake show', 'wait. thetian was a comedy? it just won the best motion picture, musical or comedy at the  ', '"some men  are not looking for anything logical like money. they  can not be bought, bullied, reasoned or negotiated with. some men just want to watch the world burn."..[photo by mingz wang]', 'singapore car realities.', 'what a rosy look at events like the little india riot in our new textbooks for kids that are meant to encourage "critical thinking".', 'madonna is coming to singapore? we already have so many madonnas what. some are even 24-hours.', 'ns brudder, we feel you. ..via basic military training centre page. ', 'update: they have restored checked luggage. ..you have got to be kidding me. is this airline run by prepubescent monkeys?..themalaymailonline.com.malaysia airlines: no more check-in luggage on all europe flights from tonight, cites safety', 'our first family ski trip at below zero temperatures...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the browns go skiing at club med, yabuli', 'happy first day of school and first day of work! i am going back to bed. five more minutes. i promise.', 'son: "why shouldn\'t you eat a clock?"..me: "dunno. why?"..son: "because  it is time-consuming."', 'hey you! dance off! ..45.media.tumblr.com.45.media.tumblr.com', ' go!', 'q: why did kylo ren get a discount in the chinese restaurant?..a: because he was the first order.', 'blessed new year! stop sending those massive video files and clogging whatsapp already. hahaha!', ' it is all greek to me....mrbrown.com: eunoia, i know yah, he know yah', 'and next to eunoia jc, there will be pneumonia secondary school and paranoia primary school....newior college to be named eunoia jc', 'the kids go to their first snow destination....mrbrown.com: the browns go to yabuli, china', 'the original headline was most unfortunate.', 'wah. one whole woman in cabinet. so big stride.', 'i am sorry, little guy. we  did not know you were there when we closed the door.', 'blessed christmas! now find the cat.', 'seen at a clinic by roland chua. it is be good.', 'thank you for has telling us. we can has peace of mind now.', 'find the panda...via dudolf', 'rocking it old school, ..via ', "in today's itchy backside department: what was wrong with the name compass point? here were the sad choices:..- sengkang central mall.- sengkang mall.- one sengkang.- sengkang square.- one sengkang square.- sengkang one.-  sengkang square.- 1sm..well, at least they  did not pay some agency to change the name fromina bay toina bay...straitstimes.com.woman wins $1,000 for compass point's new name - 1 sengkang mall", 'stevens station is just another cock-up waiting to happen. suuuuuure, signs will help people who enter by the wrong entrance...channelnewsasia.com.more signs will be placed at stevens station to guide commuters to right fare gates: lta', 'this is the true badass in star wars: the force awakens...media.giphy.com.media.giphy.com', 'i think the next gig steve harvey should try is reading the 4d and toto lottery results. ', 'app are notly some customers tried to buy this apple cider at ikea and were denied at the cashier counter because in singapore no one is allowed to buy alcohol over the counter after 10.30pm. even if it has only 0.1% alcohol...[hat tip to eric ng]', 'host steve harvey makes the biggest boo boo in announcing the winner of miss universe 2015. epic epic fail.', 'steve harvey not only announced  wrongly, his apology was also ', 'i like his positive outlook.', 'finn really faced many challenges and trials in  the force awakens. but he is a real trooper.', 'tried to type "mild". came out "milf". ', 'does this feel like you at work sometimes?..', 'i am sorry but i am going to post this giant star wars spoiler right here.', 'blessed christmas from mrbrown and the gang from the momma shop! (and in case you are wondering, yes it was done in one take. took us many, many tries though. haha!)..the momma shop is james lye, anson koh, sikai goh and titus ng...better quality audio on soundclou ..vocals by mrbrown.video produced by james lye & shawne koh.filmed & directed by shawne koh.music produced, mixed & acapella arr. by james lye.music arranged & performed by the momma shop..social media links:..mrbrown:......the momma shop:.....james lye:....shawne koh:..', ' sunshine..mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: sunshine', ' a day of big silly smiles..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: a day of big silly smiles', 'my kids know better than to tell me they are bored during the school holidays. because my reply would involve one of two words that start with "h" and end with "work".', 'this rocks.', 'cheeky.', 'fake star wars toys bought by a wholesaler in the uk...via ', 'lifts can be such a turn-on.', 'wow. 27c.  would not a singapore winter. if it reaches 25c, must wear sweater liao.', " it is a wrap! now to wait for the video to be edited. excited...shawne koh. at 228 ..just wrapped up a christmas mv with mrbrown and the momma shop and i  can not wait to share this next week! thanks for making this a fun and smooth one, though everyone's intensely sleep deprived...other than that, i hope all the mozzies are satisfied from feasting on my legs.", "shooting a christmas music video with the momma shop. watch some bts at my snapchat. [my snapchat username is mrbrownlah] no, this isn't what we sang haha!", 'look what came to my home today! more sonos toys for me to play with and review. looking forward to trying the new ', "i am featured in twitter's  a look at the year's most influential tweets...video: ..twitter.com.twitter on twitter", ' do not mess with me when i am armed with a  doomlands 2169 lawbringer...(thanks hasbro!)', 'twins4life...[photo via kelvin ang fb: ]', 'be they are donations to najib leh?', '', "the colombian womens cycling team's latest flesh coloured jerseys. no, just no.", 'you may be interested in this for your kids...sat, 12 dec 2015.hour of code iss family event', 'to help you sing the song.', 'found my wine in australia.', 'friend asked at esprit shop if she understood what the hashtag means: "imperfect?".."ma\'am, er, it is i am perfect.".. ', "greetings from perth!..(full blog post with more photos here: )..after a spell atgaret river, our three families drove back to perth itself. from wide open spaces to a cityscape. the weather is warmer here than down south but  it is still pleasant because  it is not humid like singapore...pro travel tip: never let the wives enter a supermarket. they  will not come out until they have bought everything...that said, i am pleased the wife was wise enough to buy bread and scones yesterday when we drove past bunbury or we  would not have any breakfast this morning...the balcony where we are staying is huge and overlooks the city. so we have decided to do what we did in yallingup and have breakfast outside. very lifestyle hor?..we  have not decided where we are heading next, probably fremantle. so far, we have done the play-it-by-ear style of travel and  it is working out nicely. sometimes  it is nice just to drive around and discover stuff, like the sheep shearing farm we found near our yallingup place. and the countless wineries we stumbled on...you can take a rock and throw it in thegaret river region and hit two or more wineries...not that we're complaining, of course. mmmm, wineries...", 'greetings from western australia! this was my dinner from little fish restaurant at yalligup. not in photo, our nice bottle of wine too...we are staying by the sea, three hours south of perth. where the skies are blue, the sea is blue and the damn summer flies are everywhere...also in abundance, kangaroo poop on our lawn...', 'meanwhile, in agaret river supermarket..youngest daughter: "pa! can buy me a snorkel set?"..me: " do not waste money. hold your breath."..', 'me in australia: "simi is singapore style noodles?"', 'completed my very first secondary school s1 placement exercise for my kid. i felt like i was doing research and homework. stressed out sia.', 'what is this thing called "talk to each other"?', 'q: why did adele cross the road?.......................a: she wanted to say hello from the other side.', 'seen in malaysia, menu for a parliament dinner. that appetizer can cut your weight...[hat tip to mun fei. via )]', 'someone a-gonna get hurt real bad.', 'they are very serious about parking fee payment here.', "on the day of our family's very first  results....mrbrown.com: to our firstborn, faith, age 14", '[blogged on medium] my ipad pro and me.  ..medium.com.some early thoughts about the ipad pro', 'use the force, luke!..lh3.googleusercontent.com.lh3.googleusercontent.com', 'but traditional very hard to write leh.', 'hello?..soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat gets a call', 'poor najib.', ' would not appalling of him to say that to  singapore  does not care for such bigotry, dammit.', 'fyi: putin  did not say, "to forgive the terrorists is up to god but to send them to him is up to me."..denzel washington did, in the movie man on fire...still a badass though.', 'the emoji  is the oxford dictionarys word of the year? \\__/', 'wind to blame for haze problem, says indonesian vp jusuf kalla at apec meeting. just when you thought he cannot go any lower, he digs past the barrel.', 'sometimes, you just need a waffle in your day.', 'please  do not spread whatsapp hoaxes leh. thanks...singapore police force. at 08:04 ..the police are aware of a whatsapp message that is circulating. the message, which claims that "singapore national security lockdown will be conducted  city wide borders...", is completely false and totally irresponsible...members of public are advised not to spread unsubstantiated information which may generate unnecessary public alarm...play a part to keep our home safe and secure by staying vigilant and reporting any suspicious persons or activities.', 'the police are aware of a whatsapp message that is circulating. the message, which claims that "singapore national security lockdown will be conducted  city wide borders...", is completely false and totally irresponsible...members of public are advised not to spread unsubstantiated information which may generate unnecessary public alarm...play a part to keep our home safe and secure by staying vigilant and reporting any suspicious persons or activities.', 'have you seen the latest star wars trailer?', '"prices for bidadari start from $418,000 for four-room flats and $534,000 for five-room flats including grants."..bidadari: the flat you may not be done paying for even after you are six feet under.', 'ramses shield used by the first french spec ops officer entering the bataclan theatre in paris during the .. would not balls of steel to go in like that...one commenter counted 18 bullet hits, and estimated 2 enemy shooters with a 30-round mag each...[via reddit ]', 'pixelgod. at 11:15 ..since our beloved baey yam keng  loves to selfie so much, pixelgod dedicates this post specially to him.  only one of the photos is photoshopped. can you tell which one? winner gets to win a 3 days 2 nights stay at the north pole..', 'i asked for a cape for  and my reader delivered.', 'he needs a cape.', 'life hack: 7 things every person should do before 7 a.m...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: 7 things every person should do before 7 a.m.', 'me on cna first look asia this morning, seven-early-eight-early, to talk about ', 'the wife knows best.', 'one of the nice things to do with the 12.9 inch screen of the apple  reading comics.', 'random  gear: this very absorbent sea to summit towel is very handy for ultralight travel. tiny enough to clip to your backpack...size small  is enough for drying you after a shower (but probably not large enough to protect your modesty unless you have the waist of olive oyl).', 'asian grades. ', 'ah boys to men: 4 and 5? so what other  will there be?..ah boys to men: chief clerk? ah boys to men: combat storemen? post your suggestions below!', "customers queuing up to three days to be the first to buy h&m's banmian.", 'an ode to a fixed lens camera i love...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: why i choose to shoot with a fixed lens camera like the fuji x100t', 'because it  has not reached jakarta yet...channelnewsasia.com.why are haze-causing fires hard to put out?', 'then and now.', 'thank you to the 803 folks who liked this page this week. i shall strive to entertain all 31,000 of you and maintain a decent level of personal hygiene.', 'cannot! we need to have the cut-off points system! or else the centre cannot hold, mere anarchy is loosed upon the world!', 'liddat also want to link to singapore ah?', 'boo!', 'my eerience using the changi recommends overseas wifi router service in japan...mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: traveling with my own pocket wifi', 'the final part of my journey with my son...blog post: ..full photo essay: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 9, going home: a photo essay', "k-drama at sea...mrbrown. at 17:10 ..watched northern limit line on the plane. i am told it was a huge hit in korea but good grief, the jingoism. it made the potentially interesting movie very painful to watch...based on the little known second battle of yeonpyeong, this movie tells of the young south korean sailors who fought and died in the 2002 sea battle after two north korean vessels crossed the north limit line and fired at the south korean patrol boat, the chamsuri 357...caricatures abound and the north korean military leaders are depicted as evil, mustache-twirling baddies. the bad guys in this movie are even more cartoony than team america's ronery puppet kim jong-il...the testimonies of the real sailors about the incident, at the end of the movie, was more compelling than the plodding melodramatic movie itself.", "watched northern limit line on the plane. i am told it was a huge hit in korea but good grief, the jingoism. it made the potentially interesting movie very painful to watch...based on the little known second battle of yeonpyeong, this movie tells of the young south korean sailors who fought and died in the 2002 sea battle after two north korean vessels crossed the north limit line and fired at the south korean patrol boat, the chamsuri 357...caricatures abound and the north korean military leaders are depicted as evil, mustache-twirling baddies. the bad guys in this movie are even more cartoony than team america's ronery puppet kim jong-il...the testimonies of the real sailors about the incident, at the end of the movie, was more compelling than the plodding melodramatic movie itself.", 'part 6 of my journey with my son...blog post: ..full photo essay: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 8, back to tokyo: a photo essay', 'brain. hurts.', 'part 5 of my journey with my son...blog post: ..full photo essay: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 7, osaka: a photo essay', 'adele calls to say hello to a very old friend.', 'part 4 of my journey with my son...blog post: ..full photo essay: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 6, miyajima islan a photo essay', 'me trying out medium...medium.com.20 questions you ask when you return to your own country after a trip to japan', 'part 3 of my journey with my son...blog post: ..full photo essay: ...mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 5, hiroshima: a photo essay', 'er, is that kebaya terbalik?..update, according to reader dawnie lee,.."the kebaya maker is quite well-known and i enjoy his work. i spoke to him and has informed me that this piece is the very first he has made in this way as he is trying out something new. it was purpose made to be worn like this, with a v-neck at the back, fastened with a kerosang, and a high collar at the front (like a turtleneck blouse). he is someone who likes to innovate and try out new interpretations of the kebaya. he did say he recommended his traditional kebayas to this russian couple but they preferred this look."..(via )', 'part 2 of my journey with my son:...full photo essay:....mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 34: a photo essay', 'a journey with my son, in words:...and in photos:...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: isaac and papa go to japan: day 12: a photo essay', 'when i saw this, i read it in my mind as "der candy"..."you want to eat myder candy or not?"..', 'son: "look pa! the sign says \'platform operations office. poo! hahaha!"..me: "will station master yamaguchi, please report to poo?"..my padawan, he learns fast from his master...', 'paiseh  it is jalan bukit merah...accident opposite ah orh seafood. avoid jln bukit merah, bad jam...(10.20am )', 'good morning from miyajima island, japan. psi: 0.', 'his coconut a lot of space. ', 'the true identity of kylo ren. ', 'wle. thanks, indonesia, thanks ah. you have outdone yourself this time.', 'the sub brands are adibus and nikey?', 'that property agent cat sounds familiar..mediacorp channel 5. at 09:00 ..heartland hubby shorts  bobo and cha cha shop for housing options! .. ', 'i think we have the same inflation problem with prata here as our malaysian neighbours.', 'an update on the school english assignment posted by nadine yap...themiddleground.sg.nadine yap: on grammar and graciousness - the middle ground', 'the force is strong with this one.', 'a little behind the scenes look at how we shot minister midas during the election period.....mrbrown.com: a video rig for smartphone video shoots..mrbrown.com: a video rig for smartphone video shoots..see more at.mrbrown.com', 'o my pilot fountain pen, how much do i love writing with thee!..(not an ad. just wanted to share my favorite writing instrument, the fountain pen.)', 'i heard this morning  was renamed no electricity line...[photo by ', ' apple ipad mini 4: unsung hero.. ...mrbrown.com: apple ipad mini 4: unsung hero', 'just plane sian.', "victoria's secret is out. one of her butt cheeks is missing. ", ' cheer simi cheer?..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: cheer simi cheer?', "the sky today. in case you need a reminder when it isn't blue again. quick, thank jusof kalla!..", "re: this year's controversial  maths question:..so is eight $1 coins 6g, 60g, 600g or 6kg?..for the answer, you need to use your common cents.....thank you, everybody. i am here every day...(have fun identifying the coins and the denominations)", '"england prepares for the quarter-finals." ..via: ', 'update: ..i only agree with the period after "mother". other than that, ?????..i  do not see why the teacher would correct this use of the subjunctive...(that 1/10 is probably the date and not the marks though.)..the original question for this primary 1 assignment is here: ..nadine yap is in singapore.. at 07:28  singapore ..scratching my head', 'and grandp are nots too (thanks mum, for tekaning my kids)...oh wait, tomorrow still got higher mother tongue. but for the rest of us, mood loh!', "...mrbrown.com: a teacher's work is never done", 'contrary to popular belief, singapore has two seasons. got haze and got no haze. ', 'how much did i enjoy  i paid $50 to watch it at shaw premiere with the wife and did not regret it...though i have to say, we seem to be spending a lot of money rescuing matt damon in saving private ryan, interstellar and thetian...i am going to watch thetian again.  it is that good.', 'mrt station names for downtown line 3 extension are up for public voting. my two cents:..update: sandy point app are notly has historical significance. ', 'do this in facebook! it could save your life!', 'what we hope our new transport minister can do, without delay.', 'the tian...  ', 'no one dodges bullets better than he.', 'the new   song by sam smith feels like my monday. ', 'a generation gap.', 'quote of the week. ', 'for those of you who believed the hoax that the ministry of manpower has activated a national shutdown of workplaces and granted voluntary non-work day, here is a timely reminder from fresh off the boat.', 'tekan. ..[that overlay is actually a photo of the real haze taken outside my home this morning at 6.55am]', 'update: moe just announced that tomorrow, 25th oft, primary and secondary schools will be closed on account of the worsening haze.....what kids are hoping for secretly ', 'hold me, please.', 'new special edition color for singapore iphones?', 'spot psi reading. ..by.originally.us.sg psi reading with no bullshit', 'scariest. chicken. rice. ever.', 'epic love drama sia...via ', 'oh the memories of the holes this made...via: ', "sunset. coffee. cycling...my kind of last day of a long trip....mrbrown.com: last day in sf, so let's drink coffee", 'kim huat seeks the famed peace in yosemite...a production of ', "new suggested gear for formula one drivers in this weekend's singapore night race. ", "kim huat goes on a hike in mount rainier, washington, and is inspired by pm lee's latest leap...a production of ", 'wholly guacamole! that made me laugh.', 'sent to me over whatsapp...[if anyone knows the source, let me know in the comments and i will update this post with the proper credits, thanks.]', 'please enjoy this full res version of the image i shared earlier, created by the talented folk at pixelgod.....pixelgod. at 01:53 ..just in case you have been living under a rock..', 'current state of play...update: original image by pixelgod. ', 'trust those averaged psi readings. all will be well. ', '200 psi is the new 400 psi. ..[photo by my friend wk]', 'something to help with the ', 'kim huat visits oregon and climbs a mountain full of inner meaning for him...a production of .. ', 'snapchat story: on a ski lift up mount hood!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'nothing less than a then can.', 'minister midas thanks the people.  ', 'breaking: kim huat wins bukit batok...david ong kim huat of the pap.. ', 'return my yam ah mee.   ', 'clothe wisely.  ', ' ..[shared by my friend, grace]', 'oh dear.', "a first look at apple's new gigantic ipad pro.  ", 'a first look at the new apple iphone 6s, straight from sf.  ', 'at the  now covering live, the launch of stuff like  apple tv and more. follow my twitter updates at  for live updates.', 'watch the video again! suka can liao! .. ', "kim huat shares his final message for singapore's 2015 general elections...a production of ", 'minister midas shares his innermost-heart feelings...a production of ', 'dear mainstream media, how come choose this kind of photo angle and lighting for rally coverage?  it is still seventh month leh.  ', 'maths fail.  ..[photo credit:  for ', 'some of these faces are a tad disturbing. lol... ', 'minister midas salutes his brave comrades...a production of ', 'minister midas unveils his party manifesto.  ..a production of ', 'wah. someone draw chee until so hero ah?  ..note: sharing of a superhero pic of a politician is not an endorsement of said candidate.', 'minister midas is busy. kim huat takes over the show. i  do not think minister midas knows this.  ..a production of ', 'minister midas shares his humble beginnings.  ..a production of ', '"it was a joke. i did not mean it to be taken seriously," nsp\'s cheo chai chen later said. no, sir. you are the joke that cannot be taken seriously.  ', 'minister midas engages in political debate. special guest appearance!!! guess who???  ..a production of ', 'seen in hougang. .. ', 'why all close-up shots one? you  do not have wide-angle lens to video wp rally ah?.. ', 'minister midas feels all candidates ought to have good language skills.  ..a production of ', 'my first time on bloomberg. hahaha!..  ..bloom.bg.singapore election spotlights faces from general to blogfather', "this is not the kim huat you're looking for.  ", 'more   ', 'oops.   ', 'if even you, an opposition party, also ask us to vote for the ruling party, then how to win liddat?  ..(video clip from cna news report)', 'reform party may need to change their name to re-form party.  ..', 'this is honesty and integrity of the highest order. big hugs to muru muru and his friends!..sugie phua. at 13:08 ..just 30 minutes ago my doorbell rang, upon hearing it i was thinking to myself, this better not be some irritating salesman cuz i was enjoying my off day slacking on my bed. i dragged myself off my bed and out of my room to answer the door...through the peep hole i saw 3 indian men standing in front of my house, i thought to myself "what the hell do they want!!"...still puzzled and with much suspicion i opened the door. i stared  them and suddenly my eye zoomed into the middle guy\'s hand (later introduced as "muru muru"), i saw a familiar item on his hand and think to myself "why tf is he holding on to my ic and what is my wallet doing on his hand!!!"...speedily i unlocked my gate and walked out to them, muru muru said," is this yours? check the one thousand dollars note inside!!". still blur from my evening nap i immediately realized that they are angels sent from heaven to deliver my lost wallet that i  have not even realized is gone  that time...i took over my ic and pulled out my 1000 dollars note kept inside my wallet and before i said anything, he said," i am rich, i  do not need your thousand dollars"and laughed, and his two friends laughed along...upon saying that muru2 asked the second indian guy "radja" to take a picture of me and him, immediately after i said "thank you guys so much, omg, omg, omg, thank you". i shook their hands and hugged them individually. i asked the last guy for his name but he refuse to say, he just kept wobbling his head. i insisted a group photo taken with my phone, right after that they just walked towards the lift...as they were leaving i had so many goosebumps, as i was seeing them off, i had so many thoughts running in my mind, i wanted to offer them money but thought to myself i spent my very last 10 dollars note on lunch and all i have is a can of coins in my room, i was thinking all so vigorously what can i give back, should i offer my one thousand dollars note since they\'re the one who found my wallet? if not how can i say thank you, how can i show gratitude?..they went into the lift and so they\'re gone...these thoughts, these feelings, this need to do something filled my 20 seconds walk into my room..i grabbed a handful of coins and ran downstairs in hope to find them and probably treat them food or drinks or anything but they are gone. ..thank you muru muru, radja and third indian man. what u did is really beautiful. so graceful and untainted. i am very grateful to have you guys who found my wallet, to have you guys as neighbor, to share this space with people like you. ', 'minister midas announces his election plans.  ..a production of ', 'this brought out the geek in me.  ..via the good citizen ', 'uncle riding by. please give way. siam ah!  ', 'minister midas reassures us that all is well in the checks and balances department.  ..a production of ', 'so clever...twitter.com.w on twitter', 'seen at  you see what i see? yes, it should say "every day".', 'minister midas jin jue lui introduces some new faces for this coming election.  ..a production of ', 'ya, what he said.  ', 'minister midas jin jue lui kicks off the election season with his almost daily show. in this episode, he warns voters about the promises of other parties.  ..a production of ', 'le high-class cuisine.', "mrbrown's life pro tip: since  falls on a friday, cast your vote first thing in the morning then fly off for your long weekend immediately! by the time the results come out, you will be sipping a margarita by the beach at night... do not waste a perfectly good election long weekend! five years one time leh. vote early, vote wisely, travel shiok-ly!..", 'good morning! sixteen days to our next public holiday!  ', 'wah our public transport can like this compare one ah? you mean our salaries and currency are as big as london and new york already? huat ah! ', 'this is sweet...melody zaccheus. at 11:20 ..witnessed a heartwarming incident on the train at raffles place before peak hour this evening involving an uncle and a construction worker who had scooted down some seats to make way for singaporeans...uncle to worker: "hey you can sit down... you  do not always have to give up your seat, especially not to men on the train. you come here to build our homes so you can sit also you know?"..the worker at first puzzled by the interaction digests what he means and breaks into a sweet and winning smile. i  can not really hear the next exchange but then i see the worker whipping out his mobile phone to take a selfie with the uncle...the uncle continues chatting with him... he points to the train map overhead and dishes out advice and instructions on how to navigate singapore\'s transport network, homing in on little india in particular. he asks: "do you know which bus you can take if you get off at that station?"..later i learn from the "uncle", mr rimy lau, 68, who used to work in the hotel line, that the worker, saravanan samidurai, 28, has been in singapore for just three days and he just wanted to him to feel welcome..."they come here to work. this is how we can take care of them," said mr lau...(shared with permission)', 'seen in malaysia mcdonalds.  do not order it by shouting too loud.', 'an oldie but still relevantie.', "give it up for our pioneer generation soldiers at tonight's  ", 'my yearly national day rally tweets will come from inside the hall tonight. and benjamin "mr miyagi" lee will tweet the  from the comfort of his home...i hope i  do not kena have to pee in the midst of the three-hour event. better  do not drink too much water before it starts.', ' it is election season and time to try the taste of singapore.    ', 'mrbrown. at 22:45 ..who is yusok? ', 'who is yusok? ', 'is it just me or are the drawings on the new  commemorative notes really ugly?', 'benjamin "mr miyagi" lee. at 22:52 ', "inside out..i  did not know i could so much feels watching a movie about feelings. who was chopping onions in the  cinema?..visually it was a simple affair but the storytelling was ace. pixar really know how to tell a story...inside out follows 11-year-old riley anderson (and her five feelings). riley loves ice hockey and goofiness, but when her family goes through a major change, her feelings turn upside down...the scene where the feelings inside riley and her p are nots react during dinner was one of my favorites. also funny was the dreams segment...it is a nice change from the pixar's less-wonderful cars 2 and monsters university. i really felt like a kid again. emo sia.", 'caption this.', ' do not scared', 'ok ok. the first version of this video was too fast for some of you. so here is the slow readers edition. you see what you made me do? i had to go peter jackson-lord of the rings special edition on my theatrical cut. but you know me, i give the fans what they want...---------..the images i made for "you have two cows: mrbrown\'s asian edition" went so viral that i thought, what the hey, lets do some more and put them in a video slideshow. so here we are, the extended remix edition...music."monkeys spinning monkeys" kevin macleod .licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0...cow image:.nature vector designed by freepik.', 'the images i made for "you have two cows: mrbrown\'s asian edition" went so viral that i thought, what the hey, lets do some more and put them in a video slideshow. so here we are, the extended remix edition...if the slides are going by too fast for you, you can pause the video by hitting the space bar. then you can soak in the poetry of the words on the slide, and meditate on its goodness...music."monkeys spinning monkeys" kevin macleod .licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0...cow image:.nature vector designed by freepik.', 'please like my friend benjamin "mr miyagi" lee\'s page or he  will not stop nagging me about it. kumsiah.....benjamin "mr miyagi" lee', 'mrbrown added 8 new photos.. at 03:05 ..update: now got video! ..recently a series of the age-old you have two cows joke went viral. for example:..socialism: you have two cows. the government takes one and gives it to your neighbour...communism: you have two cows. you give them to the government, and the government then gives you some milk...fascism: you have two cows. you give them to the government, and the government then sells you some milk...capitalism: you have two cows. you sell one and buy a bull...so i thought we ought to have an asian edition. so here is my take on you have two cows.', 'malaysia for sale. special price for bros.', 'with lui tuck yew stepping down, who will ascend the brutal transport throne? ', 'the party is over. chor gang, chor gang.', 'if you study hard, you will do o levels. if not, zero levels.', 'ndp thought of the day.', ' we wear matchy-matchy ndp t-shirts for the first time. ...mrbrown.com: happy 50th birthday singapore!', 'when i saw so many singaporeans with luggage about to leave the country, i remembered it was the   long weekend.', "an  song for our nation's 50th national day from the mrbrown gang and the momma shop band! i know, i know, simisai also sg50. but how can we not join in, right?..song composed by mrbrown,c nair and james lye.music performed & arranged by the momma shop.music produced & mixed by james lye..semua longzhong hampalang pun link:..mrbrown:......the momma shop:.....james lye:..", 'not sure if i want to use a shampoo that helps dandruff', 'leaked!  and his new boy band photo shoot! ', 'breaking news for those without windows continues into day 2. will we get heavy rain in many parts of singapore on wednesday morning? stay tuned to st.', 'i heard najib may be joining a boy band called one donation. ', 'malaysia also got their own ..[sent to me by ', ' contribute yours below...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: fifty 5-word singapore stories', 'breaking news for those without windows.', 'a joke from malaysia:..a driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the road outside parliament, kl...suddenly, a man knocks on the window...the driver rolls down the window and asks,"what\'s going on?".."bad guys have kidnapped all the malaysian politicians, and they\'re asking for a $100 million dollar ransom...otherwise, they\'re going to douse them all in petrol and set them on fire. we\'re going from car to car, collecting donations.".."how much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks...the man replies.."roughly 2 litres."', 'so mr miyagi posted the story about mda licensing mothership.sg and it became this exchange between us.', 'my mom saw these two classic kdk singapore fans and said, "ah, these i owned before."..sponsor message:..kdk is celebrating family unity and love on this sg50, and honouring the nations golden jubilee. share your treasured moments at the kdk treasured moments site, and win kdk box fans, limited edition flashpay cards, exclusive tickets to \'1965\' and more!..details at ', 'win liao lor.', 'thanks to kdk singapore for letting me photograph this classic. it has a radio, cassette player and a wicked night light. check out that radio antenna behind too! all of it is still working...in fact, we were listening the radio while i took the photos! it was like going back in time. anyone own something like this?..kdk sponsored message:.kdk is celebrating family unity and love on this sg50, and honouring the nations golden jubilee. share your treasured moments at the kdk treasured moments site, and win exclusive prizes and 6 invitations to a private screening of 1965!..details at ', ' agnus dei....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: agnus dei', 'mrbrown added 5 new photos.. at 17:42 ..thanks to all who photoshopped my ant-man photos and had fun with them. here are few i liked!  ', 'stupidest  product of the year goes to ..what the fish cake, man...[seen on edmw forum]', 'no, dr ng. the watershed election was the 2011 one, when pap lost an entire grc and posted its worst results since independence.', 'an honest property ad?', 'how many triangles are there in this beautiful freehold landed property?..[first shared by my friend naomi.]', 'poor mustafa trolley. far away from home.', 'breaking news: stray chickens found wondering around singapore?  investigates. ..[thanks to moh boon howe for the idea!]', 'in other news, chickens crossed the road to get to the other side. stay tuned for the live report and an exclusive interview with one of the stray chickens. ', 'have fun with my  images. photoshop me and tag it  or do it at  heheh...', 'i am on top of the cat mountain king...photoshop me, tag it ..pics at .pic 1: .pic 2: .pic 3: ..use  to do it. go! ', 'photoshop me with these pics at  and tag it ..pic 1: .pic 2: .pic 3: ..use  to do it. go! go go!..you can use  to do it. go go go!..', "mrbrown is ant-man in these five video shorts. in this final episode, how does he tell his flying friend what he wants done?..watch more: ..vel's ant-man in cinemas . ", 'we need a new hotline for the gentle of soul...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: police not very important things hotline', 'so many blameless fans on sale.', ' me and my beloved kdk fans...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: from a fan of a fan', 'what a glorious feeling!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: see what show: singing in the rain', "mrbrown is ant-man in these five video shorts. in this fourth episode, can he successfully make the ants do his bidding?..watch more: ..vel's ant-man in cinemas now. ", 'under one roof cast in a recent mnd/hdb commercial: "80% of bto flats are under $350,000!"..i doubt if tan ah teck and his family can live under one roof these days. his kids are probably in some non-mature estate far away.', 'seen in the malaysian papers: stock photo ad disaster. advertisers,  do not be cheapos...[spotted by sulin lau on fb]', "mrbrown is ant-man in these five video shorts. in this third episode, he faces his greatest littlest fight...watch more: ..vel's ant-man in cinemas now. ", "mrbrown is ant-man in these five video shorts. n this second episode, he tries to figure out the suit...vel's ant-man in cinemas . ..youtube playlist: ", 'dear email spammer, how to trust you with my investments if you cannot even spell "invest"?..at least it  does not say "incest".', 'now moh says probing the link. ...recent spike in bacterial infection cases: authorities probing link to raw fish', 'finally, we get a closeup of   ..by  ', 'liddat also can ah?', 'photo essay: my short but lovely trip to sf...brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - i left my heart in san francisco on eosure', "mrbrown is ant-man in these five video shorts. in this first episode, he heroically answers a cry for help...youtube playlist: ..vel's ant-man in cinemas . ", "update 2: first say no link. now say probing link. the bicycle, it pedals backwards.....update: moh says no proven link. these things are hard to prove, it seems.....public service announcement: there's an outbreak of a particularly virulent strain of group b streptococcus that can cause meningitis, fever and painful swollen joints. the patients consumed  (raw fish salad) from hawker stalls. please avoid  for now until the source of the contaminated fish has been identified.", 'psa: stop liking and sharing this fake singapore airlines page lah. the free air tickets facebook scam has been around for a long time. this is just another one of them...do you see this "promotion" on sia\'s official page? nope. because  it is faaaaaake. now go and unlike it and remove it from your feed.  do not help scammers spread their nonsense.', 'delusional self-serving headline of the week.', "watch out for a 5-part mini video series starring me as -man on monday, .vel's ant-man in cinemas .  ", 'new singapore pools betting slip...[sent to me by my friend bryan]', 'not exactly the most appropriate name for a wheelchair, right?..[shared with me by friend kelvin ho]', 'when the mrt breaks down, like the nsew lines did on , we call upon the name of our transport minister, pleading for help...youtube link: .soundcloud audio link: ', " composed a poem...north south east west.who's the best!.north south east west.not smrt.", 'ok, sph and mediacorp, you are both the top and number 1 english radio station in singapore lah...[photo by lim li keen]', 'we need to pool our resources for this good cause.', 'getting frustrated at trying to log on at singpass today? try coming up with your own ....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: ', 'the night after # was no longer running, out of boredom, i ended up watching the package, starring steve austin and dolph lundgren, on tv. mg can liddat fire one meh?', 'you have been warned.', 'finally, i caught  front part was draggy. only fun when chris pratt and the indominus rex showed up...it was way better than jurassic park iii but the first one still the best...so is the indominus a cross between a t-rex and indomie?..there were so many unnecessary moments. like the guy in the control room. what does he contribute to the movie except his one key moment?..and why is the ruthless scientist and the cavalier millionaire ceo asian? are there no good guy asians in this movie?..and really? nobody thinks  it is a bad idea to go to a theme park with real dinosaurs? i mean, you go to the bird park and  would not one thing. but the flying creatures in this park eat people!..i have to confess something. i was actually cheering for the dinosaurs. i know,  it is twisted. go dinos!', 'everyone in europe thinks germany is the hardest working country... apart from greece...via ', "check out let's take a walk on . funds raised will be donated to beneficiaries including hca hospice care......let's take a walk - an endurance walking event organised by raleigh society singapore", ' was one of the first singapore apps i used on my new ....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: my apple watch and dbs paylah!', 'lesson of the day: watch what you eat...more photos here: ', 'monday bus arrival info rage....mrbrown.com: why has the singapore bus arrival info become unreliable?', '"eh!  do not be a"', 'if you think your monday is bad', 'perhaps the dbss  flats should be renamed pasir ris whyliddatone.', 'quote of the week, khaw boon wan:.."you may come from say an upper-income group. you do not need an hdb flat," the minister said..."but i feel that  it is good for all singaporeans, or almost all singaporeans to have a chance of living in hdb for 5 years, and interact with the community, i think  it is part and parcel of a singaporean way of life.  it is just like males go for national service, and i think if we can give them this opportunity of staying in hdb towns, i think there are more positives than negatives."', "today's snapchat story: the story of the $1 toy...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah. snapchat stories last only 24 hours.]", ' is the best terminator movie since t2.....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: see what show: terminator genisys', 'today in mrbrown tech: cheap and good does exist...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the best budget earphones i have ever used', 'seen in a sri lankan newspaper, ceylon today. triumph has since apologized for the faux pa.', 'so i suppose you can say that nuh kopitiam sells sole food. do they sell kaya toes?be yong tau foot?', 'i swear it was empty when i took this photo..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: my favourite bus seat of all', 'if you had to  your partner, where would the wedding be?', "have a blessed father's day, dads!...mrbrown.com: happy laopeh day!", 'breaking rumor: malaysia prefers singapore-kl high speed rail to start in kl north and end in kl south.', ' the browns go to  our first time in a ....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the browns go to club med bintan', 'i return to the world of nokia symbian os for a visit...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: reliving the nokia eerience', 'after the sea games, there will be a new avengers movie in malaysia, starring black window, cockeye and captain cameltoe.', 'holy fried chicken, batman! ', 'and this right here, is how apple will make you use apple music.', 'errrrr ..[sent to me by keith]', 'live from apple wwdc 2015. this time i am not up at 1am in singapore watching a live stream online...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: ios 9, os x el capitan, watchos 2 and apple music at wwdc 2015', "real earthquake eerts are called seismologists. singapore's armchair critics-cum-earthquake-eerts are known as simisaimologists.", 'we weep for the loss of our young ones, the teacher and the guide in this tragedy. we weep as fellow p are nots, as fellow childhood friends, as a nation... ', 'hey microsoft, your  website is obviously not working.', 'long time no see, sf!...mrbrown.com: hello again, san francisco!', 'a day at the botanic gardens...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: girl on a swing in the singapore botanic gardens', 'woman at klia, late for her airasia ak380 flight to jakarta, tries to open the plane door herself. takes four cops to restrain her.', 'a student of voldie127 on reddit, wrote down things he said throughout the year and then presented them to him. always nice to have a witty teacher...via ', "guess where barefoot mrbrown is (part 2)! i am doing the  challenge! find out more about  at ..funds raised will go towards supporting habitat for humanity singapore's project homeworks, to improve the living conditions of the elderly, the sick and the physically challenged living in one-room flats in singapore... ....instagram.com. on twitter on instagram: guess where barefoot mrbrown is (part 2)! i am doing the...", 'the asus ea-ac87 is a beast of an access point....mrbrown.com: the asus ea-ac87 media bridge/access point', "guess where barefoot mrbrown is (part 1)! i am doing the  challenge! find out more about  at ..funds raised will go towards supporting habitat for humanity singapore's project homeworks, to improve the living conditions of the elderly, the sick and the physically challenged living in one-room flats in singapore.....instagram.com. on twitter on instagram: guess where barefoot mrbrown is (part 1)! i am doing the...", 'i went all the way to bukit gombak because i hate dengue so much. ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: keep on doing the mozzie wipeout', 'why eldershield soldiers are better..."a cranky soldier is a dangerous soldier" indeed.', 'good grief. simisai are these "let\'s think about it" gahmen videos ah?', 'this image sums up  for me. car chase across a desert, monster cars and trucks, and the crazy-looking guy playing rock guitar with flames coming out of it...from the moment the movie starts, you grab on to your seat and wish your cinema seat had seat belts because the chase hardly stops...it is a spectacle. the set design. the cinematography. the characters. all blew my mind. it is everything i eected a post-apocalyptic action movie to be...you  do not need to have watched the first three mad max movies that starred mel gibson to appreciate this installment. but it will be fun if you know those movies too...charlize theron is a goddess and an actress of the highest order...watch it. then when you come out of the cinema, go to the toilet, pee, and go back into the cinema to watch it again...you will ride eternal, shiny and chrome! you are awaited in valhalla!', 'a flat owner encounters some problems with his new flat...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: the handover', 'if 10 ah longs come into my area, i will kill 10 of them. if you are not brave or happy, call your lawyers to see me. do not disturb my area. do not paste these stickers." -menglembu police station chief asp chen ah kooy..singapore crime watch: "low crime  does not mean no crime"..malaysia crime wafch: "semua ah long fker!" (all loansharks are fkers)..the poor fella behind the banner was allegedly one of the ah long\'s runners putting up banners when he got hauled in...asp chen is judge dredd of ipoh, perak sial...via:  and ', 'mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: not crazy', 'sent to me by ', 'this was me on our last night in frankfurt before going home. we stumbled upon an irish pub nearby and had bangers and mash, and guinness beer gao. i thought it was a great way to end our europe road trip...share your  moments and win prizes! details on my blog: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com:   whats your favourite mix?', "caught the movie  on the plane. it was as entertaining as doing timesheets on lotus notes...the bad guy hackers should have blown up all three protagonists in the car bomb scene so the movie can end earlier...even using the government's gebiz website would be less painful than this plodder of a movie...even using the moe's mc online website to help your kids with their homework on their e-learning days would be less painful...even listening to minister yaacob ibrahim talk about cyber stuff would be less painful...tang wei, the beautiful tang wei, was cast as some eert network specialist and chris hemsworth's love interest. she performed as many convincing eert computer tasks as a flower vase...the movie may have been saved if wang leehom sang a chinese r&b song. it may have alleviated some of the long draggy stretches. and may even have helped distract from the nausea of michael mann's shaky cam obsession...and if chris hemsworth can convince you he is a hacker, then i am thor.", 'finally got round to changing the blog design to a responsive template (displays differently in different devices). i know  it is about time. i was just lazy. haha!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com', 'truth.', 'go!', 'the first leg of our two week road trip from frankfurt, germany...mrbrown.com.road trip 2015: frankfurt to hamburg', 'i think this website is spoiled already....how old your head lah', 'seen in hamburg. i tittered.', 'true hor', "mrbrown goes to malta for the european consumer electronics show's global press conference, meets friendly maltese knights and cats...mrbrown.com.ifa 2015 gpc: malta", 'cheryl can be such a troll.', 'the mobile data strength for some singtel users today.', 'i can finally talk about  watch it. watch it in imax. watch it twice if you can. hulkbuster fight was wow...hawkeye was a surprise. he was a pleasantly humanizing part of the story this time. in the quiet moments, renner\'s character brings a much-needed non-superpowered-dude-just-doing-his-job perspective to the battle fatigue that a movie like that can be...also exciting was the introduction of the avenger not seen in this poster. in gaming parlance, we\'d say paul bettany was "godlike"...my wife saw the roster of avengers at the end of the movie and said she  did not think the team was as strong as the original team. let\'s see how that pans out.', 'panda learns to rock dedicates this song to kai kai and jia jia...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: forty minutes', 'note to self: if going to a  launch,  do not stand behind the minister & mayor or will end up on ch 8 news...wle.', 'the florist had two employees. one was a budding genius and the other was a blooming idiot.', ' hello korea! long time no see!   ...hello korea! long time no see!', 'the latest p5 maths question going viral and driving people crazy. enjoy.', 'note to self:  do not do this on the bus', 'so the singapore police had a photo contest asking the public to reenact their crime prevention posters er', ' would not nothing, i won best mrbrown in my house for 18 years running.', 'lee kuan yew: a nations farewell is on channel newsasia singapore tonight  at 8pm...i was interviewed in it...youtu.be.lee kuan yew: a nations farewell | channel newsasia', 'you  can not even trust lamp posts anymore...clarification: this is not my speeding ticket. also, if anyone can verify if this camera really works that way, that would be good.', 'fast & furious 7, also known as furious 7, also known as we like to stand in a straight line, was really quite enjoyable. stupid silly fun.  do not think, just get in and put on your seat belt...this time,kard shaw, played by jason statham, goes after the furious 7 team, to take revenge for what they did to the main bad guy in fast & furious 6, his brother, owen shaw...owen shaw, as you all know, did this really bad thing in fast & furious 6, which is why dominic toronto, er terazzo, er cornetto , ok, vin diesel, had to whack him. actually, i  can not remember the plot for part 6, and you too, right?..so it is with furious 7. who cares about plot? we just want to see cars flying through the air and the rock wielding a gatling gun as big as his body despite being injured. and furious 7 delivers the over-the-top action in spades...you will laugh at some of the stunts they pull...you will find yourself saying, "random siol!"..you will wonder how the bad guy got his hands on a predator drone...easily one of the best fast & furious installments so far...the tribute to paul walker was also pretty well done.', 'the day of mr lee kuan yew\'s funeral. remembering lee kuan yew..brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - do not go gentle into that good night on eosure', 'kim huat tells you that there are two sides to every story, like there are two sides to him. ..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat and the two sides to every story', ' we, the citizens of singapore.. ..mrbrown.com.we, the citizens of singapore', 'a time-lapse video of the queue for the last few days, by my friend dr wong t h. ....vimeo.com.the great singapore queue', 'photo essay: the first night after founding father of modern singapore, mr lee kuan yew, passed away.....brown.eosure.co.farewell and good night, sir on eosure', ' tribute drawn by my friend artgerm.', '...haiku to a father', ' teaches you how to deal with barking dogs. ..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat the dog talkerer', 'wah, they got the spelling of my name correct. one word, all lowercase.', 'news media outlets cnn and cctv cock up. fall for the fake pmo screen grab. ', 'please stop posting the fake pmo screen. it says mrs lee in the url and the year is 2014.', 'mrbrown.com.untitled', ': fourteen ...fourteen', 'an aljunied grc resident found the flyers from the pap questioning the wp town council, useful', ' on older women...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat on older women', 'call of duty: modern warfare', 'as singapore is not one of the nine countries to get the  first, we will have to make do with this.', ': sweet eighteen..mrbrown.com.sweet eighteen', 'what  wants an eensive pen to do ..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat on eensive pens', ' was lovely. i have now forgiven blomkamp for elysium after this. i have never felt this much for a robot...it was closer to district 9\'s spirit and the movie impressed with its heart. the action and cg was great when it happened but you  do not watch this for robots blowing stuff up alone...hugh jackman was a tad two-dimensional as the villain in this piece, and dev patel was a little limp as deon, chappie\'s "maker". but sharlto copley captured chappie\'s movements so convincingly ,and ninja and yo-landi visser stole the show...brilliant and fun stuff.', 'this is a p5 maths revision paper. have fun with question 8.', 'two mrt peak hour breakdowns in one day, you could almost make a movie. ...', 'that sounds painful.', 'if you look long enough, their shirts do look kind of white...   ', " talks about singapore's car park problems..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat on car park problems", 'this is war.  ', 'what color is this dress? white and gold, or blue and black? teh internet needs to know!..[via ]', 'this pioneer generation video reminded me of my own  reunion dinner. who cooked your dinner? or did you eat out?..youtu.be.pioneer generation package  reunion dinner', 'youtu.be.the mrbrown show: kim huat on angry management', 'kim huat tells you how to deal with your anger issues at work. ..youtu.be.the mrbrown show: kim huat on angry management', 'a glimpse into my  reunion dinner. what did you eat at yours?..mrbrwn.co.reunion dinner: a photo essay', 'some of my favorite  angpows this year. thanks   and  so cute!', '[via: ]', "look. i have read 50 shades of grey three times and i still  do not see what's so controversial about it...[via ]", 'this  movie is totally unrealistic. ..cbd where got so many available taxis one?', "a look at the new offerings at samsung's sea forum in bangkok....samsung sea forum 2015, bangkok", 'seen at the buffet table: panda what?!', 'seen in a singapore office toilet', 'welcome to tuesday.', 'mediacorp, please give your cna kl correspondent a proper earpiece so she  does not have to use her iphone earbuds on air.', '"four out of five of the most popular herbal supplements contained precisely zero of the ingredients."....lolwut?', 'he posted the above photo. got called out for it. removes post. now posts rant about it. ', ' "# lim kopi until mrbrown place."..wah.', 'mustsharenews.com.11 things we love about heartland hubby - mustsharenews.com', 'i am flattered. thank you...mustsharenews.com.11 things we love about heartland hubby - mustsharenews.com', 'with the new snapchat update, you can add me, mrbrownlah, on snapchat by pointing the camera at my "ghostcode"!', 'project almanac was a decent enough time travel yarn as long as you can take:..a) super shaky cam..b) major microsoft product placement...i mean, really? kids all use microsoft surface tablets, lumia phones and build time machines out of an xbox? a bit obvious, right?..i think the butterfly effect is still the better movie but project almanac is light and entertaining fluff...you do have to suspend disbelief in many areas. i mean, this is a found footage movie, and by that i mean the whole movie is shot like it has been edited together from video from consumer cameras. like the movie cloverfield...they try to make you think there is a reason the young people in this movie are video-recording. every. freaking. moment of their lives...sure, ok. we can accept that. but wow, their camera can zoom in from super far away and you still hear the audio of the couple talking as if they are standing next to the other teenager shooting the scene...and the low light performance of these consumer cameras are astounding. next to no light and you can still shoot so much detail!..i want that kind of high tech camera too...the characters are likable enough. and we enjoyed the movie. but we did feel a little nauseous after the end credits.', 'i am actually happy they are bringing this back...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: posb national school savings campaign for kids', 'one shot, one summon...[image by ', '"could you fax over a copy?".."no, i  can not fax because of where i live.".."where do you live?".."the 21st century."..[via ', 'that is some 12-week program.', "this was miss singapore's national costume for this year's  pageant. so  would not where last year's ndp decorations went.", 'transport minister: a drop in energy prices could see public transport fares reduced...so er, hike first, then reduce ah?', "let me see if i got this right. the fella was at the gate at 11.55am. departure was 11.50am and boarding commenced at 11.10am. dude, you were not 5 minutes late, you were 20-30 minutes late. and now you're complaining that sq should have held up the whole plane because you were busy shopping, and you're playing your pps/business class card too?..[seen on the online citizen]", ".mrbrown.com: singapore's new mini-prohibition law", 'yes, i play the villain..heartland hubby. at 18:14 ..introducing...the villain. taste his evil tonight, 90pm on mediacorp channel 5', 'snapchat stories update: annoying my wife watching ..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'my review of the wotancraft ryker bag and other random camera accessories...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: meet my little fuji x100 family (and wotancraft bag)', "an anonymous reader sent me a photo of this year's singapore teachers' union diary. ", 'i told my kids to make a target to shoot at with their new nerf guns, they made this.', 'before and after photoshop photo of justin bieber in his ck ad. even his package was enhanced...plus.google.com.before and after photoshop photo of justin bieber in his ck ad. even his', ' was ok. i wish i can say it was as good as the first but it was serviceable. not to be taken too seriously...the plot is like the fugitive (tommy lee jones, harrison ford) except with more killing and neck-snapping...and really, by now, you\'d think bryan mills should know how to keep his loved ones safe. but nooooo, the movie may as well be renamed woefully negligent p are noting...i think the idea of having the police after him and at the same time having to deal with bad guys was interesting. but you never really saw it resolved in an artful way...and without a clear villain, you  are not really rooting for bryan mills here. who is the bad guy? who?!..and as liam neeson huffed and puffed his way through some of the running scenes, you  can not help but wonder if the franchise is getting somewhat tired...perhaps it is apt that the movie tagline is "it ends here."..yes, please.', 'fun little project i am part of. airs ...cna.asia.heartland hubby brings comedy and mayhem to channel 5', 'whiskey made from the finest feathers and hair?', '.mrbrown.com: everyone loses it sometimes', "angry siol...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat: this not your mother's army", 'snapchat stories update: game of thrones calendar from  thanks ah!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'for the ocd among us...giphy.com.tetris animated gif', 'penang coffee shop coffee and tea has two settings. diabetes now and diabetes later.', "my buddies and i watched brotherhood of blades  in penang because we were bored (hey you can only have six meals a day before you run out of space for awesome hawker food)...also, movie tickets in malaysia are so much cheaper than singapore... did not know a single chinese actor or actress there but the made-in-china movie was not bad. great fight scenes and a conspiracy plot that was actually easy to follow...the story is about three sworn brothers-in-arms in the ming dynasty, who are lowly imperial assassins (kind of like black ops grunts) in over their heads with political intrigue, conspiracies and evil plots...the women in the movie were generally , to look cute or helpless, which was annoying. and sometimes, the acting was over the top...once in a while, you see a lost-looking extra who is supposed to be an elite soldier looking like an clueless recruit just out of bmt...still, production values remained generally high. sometimes the show gets a little too violent for my taste...the chinese language used in the dialogue was cheem, flowery and beautiful, even to someone like me, whose chinese isn't that great. still, i was thankful for english subtitles....", 'i interact with the art of penang....mrbrown.com: when in penang', 'seen in penang: "please everybody tell everybody"', 'or in my family, it is the bottom picture for both scenarios.', 'the sequel to the movie bedok reservoir dogs will be called bukit batok rats.', "have a blessed christmas and a happy new year from the browns!..jibjab.com.check out 'happy' on jibjab.com", 'sometimes it takes a long time to get there.', 'we are all at his mercy now.', 'buy your tickets now!...mrbrown.com: new tourist attraction at bukit batok', "the hobbit: the battle of the five armies is the final act to the first two teasers. the movie you slogged through the first two movies to catch...smaug was a side show. the final battle is where  it is at. and man, peter jackson really went to town with the battle scenes...my favorite bit was watching the dwarves battle. especially din, second cousin to thorin oakenshield.h..io-bros legolas was a bit over the top but man, is he badass...sure, the movie stretched out a thin book (and appendices). and sure there are bits that peter jackson just freakin' made up. anyone who is looking for a faithful reproduction of a thin children's book will be disappointed...but heck, i enjoyed the finale...the original lotr trilogy is still the best but this movie, and the other hobbit prequels, ain't star wars 1-3 either...personally, i think the hobbit movies are meant to be watched like a tv miniseries. i think i will do that once all three movies are available for sale.be when the inevitable extended editions come out.", 'poor poor thing, the cost of living is going up for this worried  housewife...[via ', "so. much. fail...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: let's rename the most useless taxi app by the lta", 'lta, please take your app to the back of the farm and shoot it.', ' would not quite specific, no?', 'pro tip: when bicycle commuting in singapore, you should watch for local wildlife in your commute..[photo by kp kwek, used with permission.]', "today's snapchat story: how i dispose of faulty hard drives...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]", 'someone spotted this pigeon in the mrt today.be it decided that joo koon was too far to fly to...[via ]', 'when you have to charge your phone, you will do anything.', 'not sure if i want to marry christmas..[via hardwarezone forum, user almondshell]', "i saw this sign in the bus while i was getting nausea from the smrt bus driver's brake-jamming", 'seen at toa payoh lorong 8, by my friend kevin h.  ', 'some of my recent japan trip photos have been featured on the  blog. go look if you like.  ..tombihn.com.mrbrown goes to japan - field trips by tom bihnfield trips by tom bihn', 'thanks, hasbro, for the nerf hardware. now to look for some batteries.', 'and now for a christmas carol', 'shows analyzed.', 'cannot be unseen.  ', 'truth.', 'embrace your inner mummy....mrbrown.com: thou shalt take the little packets of sugar', '', 'this describes most of my dota 2 gaming life...via kunkka', 'snapchat story update: hello from windy and cold cap frhel in ..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'singapore police pose garang-ly in front of cans of paint belonging to graffiti vandals they caught. i feel safer already.', "singapore's space agency wants to go beyond a comet landing!..soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: beyond the comet landing", 'evil.', 'we are quite above happy with our silly song...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: under happy', 'true customer care...via ', 'the ice in your teh si peng melted before the drink became cold. ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: under happy is the new sian half', 'the new starfleet officers were installed at the  meeting in beijing. live long and prosper.', "what's that creature growing out of your armpit?", "insights from the team behind disney's big hero 6, from my tokyo interview with them...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: meet the team behind disney's big hero 6", 'snapchat stories update: playing with my new joby gpod mini magnetic tripod...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', "reminds me of the time the winning entry for budget terminal's name was budget terminal...[via the poke]", 'with bonus video clip at the end. special for you!..youtu.be.the mrbrown show: case by case', 'snapchat story update: guess who i bumped into at toa payoh?..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', "arashi! miki nakatani! and the team from disney's big hero 6! all at the red carpet of the 27th tokyo international film festival!..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: at the tokyo international film festival 2014 red carpet", 'a whatsapp reminder.', 'soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: case by case', 'ok, i am sorry that you caused me inconvenience.', 'that is an awesome photobomb prank when kim jong-un was at an orphanage on a pr visit...[via the poke: ]', 'when they said 0.1m, they really meant it...[via ', "snapchat story update: visiting a malang historical museum and malang's oldest chinese temple...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]", 'snapchat story update: we taste the best bakso in indonesia, in malang!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'this cannot be singapore, right? right? right?', 'seen on indonesian tv: blue bird man? and his sidekick, green lantern?', 'snapchat story update: off to surabaya with mom!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'miss korea 2014: the clone wars ', 'two words you  do not eect to see in a political news headline: "ky jelly"', 'uk supermarket chain tesco packaging fail. not sure if i want to buy "buttermilk" from box with a penis on it.', 'snapchat story update: cycling in  japan...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'no. just no...[via ', 'your horoscope this week. [via the skeptics guide to the universe fb]', "trying to figure out if the shop is called maid dreamin' or maid reamin'.  ", ' do not forget to show us your moves at  and win uniqlo jeans or vouchers.  ..(i am wearing my fave uniqlo jeans right now in tokyo, and no, i was not paid to wear them. haha!)..uniqlodenim247.com.sg.bit.ly', 'just watched  at the tokyo international film festival. i am very satisfied with my care. great story with heart...more thoughts later.', 'snapchat story: our first dinner in tokyo!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'deep fried what?! ', " was a fierce wwii movie. epic tank battles, killing nazis, gritty underdogs what's not to like?..the middle was a bit draggy though. the movie is no inglourious basterds, even both movies have brad pitt in it. fury takes itself very seriously and sometimes, that drags the pace down...we get it. war is terrible. people die. body parts have to be cleaned off the inside of tanks...when fury gets to the fighting parts, it is clobbering time. and even  it is even more entertaining when you know that the americans are using peashooter m4a3e8 sherman tanks against vastly superior german tiger tanks...what the shermans lacked in armor and firepower, it made up for in numbers and reliability. and the ability to travel in water. shermans were the zergs to the tigers who were the over-engineered protoss...but the german tanks were truly fearsome beasts and a single tiger could obliterate several shermans by itself...sherman tanks couldn't penetrate their armor without hitting them from the sides or behind, and in one scene, the movie captures this fight brilliantly...watching this makes me want to build model tanks again. and maybe play a wwii game.be battlefield 1942.", ' story: packing my gear bag for my japan trip...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'woman at dulles airport in her diy hazmat suit. i am not sure if that will help with ebola though...[via ', 'snapchat story: an afternoon out with faith ..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'new snapchat story: the wife and i stumbled upon a new cafe in our neighborhood...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', ' do not worry about ebola! the un has called upon bono to save us! all will be well!..[via ', 'snapchat stories daily update: i am installing os x yosemite!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'great minds think alike.', 'new snapchat story: i kachao my friend artgerm as he livestreams his art sessions...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', '"gennermen! the training matador anti-tank missile launcher go where liao?".."siao liao, sergeant, i left it at the roadside near old chua kang rd".."you like to go db, issit? you want to sell it at beach road army market issit? go and get it back, you chow kotek!"..today report: ..[photo via votewisely/hardwarezone]', 'apple: bigger than bigger..google: you big i more big..[via   ', "today's snapchat update: the body shop sent me some stuff!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]", "rewatched the movie hanna. she is so badass. i wish they'd make a sequel.be jason bourne, evelyn salt and hanna together.", 'i am snapchatting from the stadium today! go japan!..[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]', 'i hope they leave helvetica alone...[via ', "dug up some old tech from my drawer for today's  story. watch the video at snapchat. it disappears after 24 hours...[my snapchat username is mrbrownlah]", ' me and my new jeans..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: me and my new jeans', 'i suppose this is a  guitar.', 'i think you meant malala, naomi campbell...', 'i see robinsons fixed what i highlighted. fairly quickly too.', 'this must be the new mcjagger burger...mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: i found the mcjagger burger', 'i am finally on snapchat. i am mrbrownlah on snapchat. one more social media thingie to manage. but i like the stories feature...signed the wife up too. so i can send her photos of my, er, meals.', 'the original terrified cheerleaders photo and variants from reddit. ', "please tell me this is photoshopped and it isn't real. please please please let it not be real.", 'singapores very own brave anonymous crusaders, occupy singapore, throw in their 2 cents on my hong lim post. it made a small tinkling sound on the pavement. more here: ', " did not suck. it had bite. part the wolverine and part batman, it was predictable but fun...it looks like universal will release a series of monster movies that will see the mummy, frankenstein and dracula finally combine in an avengers-like movie...the origin story is changed and differs from bram stoker's dracula. but if you are not hung up on that,  it is quite a cool idea...former scourge of the land vlad the impaler just wants peace but the evil turks want the kids from his little christian land of transylvania to become the sultan's loyal soldiers. so vlad needs to become the monster his city needs, but not the one it deserves right now...visually, it was a little dark. not dark knight dark. no, i mean there were scenes that were hard to see because it took place at night (dracula needs to fight at night mah). and pg-13 means you  will not see any major violence that a vampire movie should show. just a lot of ip man-like fights with one vlad vs many disposable soldiers...the europeans = good guys and turks = bad guys thing had religious overtones that was hard to ignore. just like the persians  did not get any good press in 300...looking forward to the sequels and other monster movies coming. and probably the universal studios ride.", 'will jessica start her own group called girl generation? ', 'we wonder what it is like to apply for hong lim park...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show protest park', 'my blog has been flooded with comments since the ymca post. here is one of them...', ' on the  protesters disrupting the ymca event..mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: on the  protesters disrupting the ymca event', 'update: the andy montage in the previous post was made by annabella goh and jer bear teo.', 'now we know where andy moved to after world cup...[via ', 'back in my day, phones  did not bend so easily. and putting it in your pocket will bend your spine.', 'q: why is an iphone 6 plus like an m night shyamalan movie?..a: because there is always a twist at the end of it...', 'the tuck-in coffee shop in doncaster upsets residents with a poor font choice...[via ]', 'i just had some of third stage.', '"whoever designed this hotel bathroom owes me an elanation." -violeur-chein on reddit...[via ]', 'savings, savings everywhere.', 'today the  very happening. i can smell the exhaust of then  cars from my home. oh wait,  would not the haze.', 'first fella in perth to buy an  in perth immediately drops it during tv interview. ..video: ', '', 'first look at the apple watch.', 'quote of the week.', 'seo email spammer: "i was searching related to your business on google and saw your website is not on the first page on google."..yeah right.', 'ya, do it.', 'sign outside adelphi taken by my friend jason. simisai also no.', 'unfortunate design of the colombia ladies cycling jerseys...[via ]', 'look,  it is another town named ausfarht again....mrbrown.com: so many german towns named ausfarht', 'that  does not look like steve jobs leh, straits times...[sent to me by ban]', 'young people getting the free u2 album from apple', 'm1  and  plans are out...', 'why iphone 6 plus is right phone for manchester united fans.', ' a little hiking at bergbahnen rosshtte, austria..mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: a little hiking at bergbahnen rosshtte, austria', ' we ownself cook in reith, austria...mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: from salzburg to reith: the best travel meals are ownself cook one', 'my apple event rants...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: restless in austria: iphone 6, 6 plus and apple watch launched', ' "over 200 million people can already use iwatch." using mine now!', ' itissue and itissue plus.  can not decide like', 'unforeseen huh?', 'when in germany and austria, one must not laugh at restaurants with this kind of name.', 'we are in the land of mozart, the waltz and the sound of music...and a look at our airbnb place in salzburg....mrbrown.com: hopping over to austria', 'make up makes a lot of difference.', 'i think  is right, the sia f1 website url really looks like "sian night race".', 'so fluffy!', 'the  show: kim huat goes to prague..youtu.be.the mrbrown show: kim huat goes to prague', 'we travel to prague from berlin and got ourselves into a little traffic police hot soup...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: from berlin to prague', "happy teacher's day! thank you for the love and education!", 'i tried playing a game on the samsung gear vr...instagram.com.instagram', 'i have the scoop on the new samsung galaxy note 4, note edge, gear s watch and gear vr. check them out. ....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: samsung unpacked in berlin: mobile', 'we are here at the  tempodrom for the samsung  event! stand by for updates!', 'the daily mail elains that icloud is "not an actual cloud". wow, thanks.', 'i  do not miss our singapore heat and humidity for now....mrbrown.com: first day in berlin', 'only suckers will buy.', 'best response to the leaked-celebrity-nudes fiasco nicknamed  came from anna kendrick. funny gal, she.', 'traveling with technology by  spot. on...', 'true story: the beleaguered malaysia airlines is giving away flights in a competition called wait for it.."my ultimate bucket list"..choy choy choy.', 'this sydney thai restaurant very the direct hor?..[via ]', 'shocking news: the ribena berry may not be an actual berry who rejoices in the drinking of the juice of his own kind.', 'vel movies in a nutshell.', 'nooooooo..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: shocking news: hello kitty is not a cat', 'wait, if hello kitty is not a cat, what is my melody?', 'so hdb, if we find your voice annoying, can we surgically cut off your vocal chords too?', 'answer this hong kong elementary school first grade student admissions test question! quick! you have 20 seconds!', 'he went too fast and when the parachute deployed, his head flew off?', "pierce brosnan's theman was better than the 1/5 that many critics gave it... it is an old school spy thriller with more violence and blood. sure, it takes every spy cliche in the book and throws it at you but hey, and sometimes the cliches feel as old as pierce brosnan, but  it is a decent action flick...one major annoyance were the badly censored sex scenes which made the movie jarring to watch. thankfully there were very few sex scenes...the movie is a tad long and sometimes felt like the director  did not know now to conclude it because the plot started to get bigger than the movie's premise could handle...they should have named it lao james bond returns...my kinder rating: 3/5.", 'if batman had a blog, would it be called the bat tumblr?', 'hahaha! how did i end up on this list? hwa chong ooosh!..straitstimes.com.10 prominent singaporeans who graduated from hwa chongior college', 'what spec are you?', 'constipated? try this age-old cure!', 'yup. that sounds about right.', "i  do not know why lucy, starring scarlett johansson, gets average reviews. it is averaging 6/10 but i think it is at least a solid 7...sure the science is shaky (suspend your disbelief), the villains are asian stereotypes, and there are traces of movies like the matrix in there, but who cares?  it is entertaining fluff and johansson is great to watch...it isn't a slam bang action movie, nor is it deep science-fiction. in fact, it is at times funny and quirky, with no distracting love interests. just the black widow kicking ass and taking names.", "bozo thinks his kids getting wet is more important than an ambulance saving someone's life...[left image via rilek1corner's fb, right side is comment left on temasek review fb by the scdf]", 'in indonesia, they are very honest about the movie you are watching. ..[via ', 'tweets from national day rally 2014...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: tweets from national day rally 2014', 'and today in the headlines', "i am sorry. it was a green screen behind pm and i couldn't resist. ", 'sometimes you have to reach out.', 'new thomson-east coast smrt line to be ready by 2023, 2024.', 'kim huat and his friec, sings a brudder song...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat, for the brudders', '"i am so handy, you already know / i will fix your plumbing, when your toilet overflows"...mrbrown.com: not going to be featured in homes you  can not afford magazine any time soon', "seen in a youtube comment: im sure there's other good products besides tiger balms that relieve pain, i  do not use tiger balm because they kill tigers for it...", 'the academy of motion picture arts & sciences tweets this in response to the news of robin williams\' passing:.."genie, you\'re free."..we too, mourn the loss of a comedy great.', "an ode to sleep deprived p are nots - o you terror, based on carl orff's famous carmina burana...new lyrics by matthew hodge, performed by sydney symphony orchestra and sydney philharmonic choir.", 'the wife knows me too well...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: wife 1: me: 0', ' a nurse speaks:  it is not just about the pay..mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: a nurse speaks:  it is not just about the pay', 'the national gallery of singapore may have gotten its inspiration from this sketch...[via ]', ' it is . the  unlimited singtel data party is now over. i hope you finished downloading all the things.', '  the national day 2014 edition. a compilation of tweets from my yearly ndp  hashtag.....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com:  the national day 2014 edition', 'uk headline: "toddlers at risk from extremists"..gotta ensure you  do not get self-radicalizing toddlers?..[via ', ' watched the sound of music. good stuff...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the sound of music', 'a playlist of every ndp song the mrbrown team has ever done. did i miss any song?..  ..youtube.com.mrbrown ndp songs', 'i followed back.  it is only polite.', "teenage mutant ninja turtles was better than all of michael bay's transformer movies.be because he wasn't directing...it wasn't an epic reboot but still a fun action flick. great cg and very interesting characterization of the four brothers...raphael, in particular, turned out to be a standout as the grumpy towering jock of the team. i liked the way they gave the new less-cuddly turtles different heights and very distinctive personalities...shredder's armour was pretty badass. in fact the turtles sport a more badass look too... do not eect a complex plot. the simple storyline is really marketed at kids. the only creepy bit was turtle libido...megan fox still  can not act but at least she isn't in ultrashort shorts or anything overly sexy in the movie...i give it a 3.5/5. i  can not believe i am giving that to a michael bay movie but what the hey. cowabunga, dude.", 'this year, they said the 49th birthday of singapore has no new ndp song. so not only didc nair and i write one, we made this music video for you. sing along and share, ok?..a production of .composed by mrbrown ac nair.photos mostly taken by mrbrown (a few from wikipedia).special thanks to meutia chaerani for her laksa photo...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: jiak simi', 'thanks,  for the cool  medicine box!..the knick is a new cinemax series premiering ...', 'rest in peace', 'united airlines writes the most insincere apology letter...i, , think  has quite a (insert specific adjective conveying epic fail) apology letter.', 'thank you  for the cute doodle in honour our  song, jiaksimi!..', 'no new song for our nations 49th national day? nair mind! we write!..soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: happy 49th birthday, singapore!', 'let me just come right out and say it...guardians of the galaxy is the bevel studio movie so far. surpassing even the avengers...there. i said it. better. than. avengers...it made me cry. it made me laugh (oh my goodness, it made me laugh). it made me cheer...and the action and visuals were top-notch, never a dull moment. and that soundtrack. my kind of music...howvel managed to make one of their lesser known titles into this glorious romp of a movie, blows my mind...and rocket raccoon is exactly as i pictured him as a kid. yes, i owned rocket raccoon issue 1. i read and bought many of the early rocket raccoon issues...goes to show you, you  do not need to do dark heroes to make it work...i am totally watching guardians again...needless to say, stay right to the end of the movie credits.', 'now that is a selfie...[via ]', 'not quite sure what this product is..[sent to me by amelia chen]', 'cue: stalker music...[via cimorelli]', 'i thought they were hiring officers to use the overpowered halo m6d pistol.', 'the anatomy of songs, so accurate...[via ]', ' small changes to save the world..(in association with kleenex)..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: small changes to save the world', 'that  does not look terribly safe, does it?', "hercules was a fun little movie. game of thrones or gladiator it ain't. and some of the cg was suspect. but it is a decent action flick with nice bits of humour. i particularly liked the battle scenes but the rock's rousing speeches were ok only...over-the-top silliness with disneyeque violence, tongue totally in cheek.", 'ap sends out badly worded tweet about  causes confusion...', 'these are supposedly the new  scoring tables. so if you do 60 push-ups in 60 seconds, and 60 sit-ups in 60 seconds, you can walk for 2.4km and still pass. detailed version: ', 'for sale: doorway chin-up bar. used once only. owner just bought to train for ..[via ben looi]', 'mindef announces new pioneer ippt generation package for mr-ed nsmen who did the 5-station ippt instead of the new 3-station ippt.', "ippt will be reduced to three stations. soldiers rejoice that it isn't 3.2km run....mrbrown.com: ippt reduced to three stations", 'this is just pure evil. i cannot take it.', 'today is the day we must be nice to girls called rachel...happy rachel harmony day!', "she isn't entirely wrong.", 'good idea.', 'airlines giving ukraine a wide berth now, after the  incident.', ' as i entered home, dad was watching news...i asked him: who did? russians? ukraine?..da humans. humans killing human...indeed. ', 'the boy is deep. ', 'ouch.', 'you can learn a lot from movies.', 'more world cup stories from andy and friends...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: world cup stories 2', 'ncpg quickly posts post-world cup banner on their website', "andy's father weighs in on the ", 'most beautiful shot at germany vs argentina match. ..[screencap by the alert ', 'this is home, truly.', 'oh give me a home', 'this school very good. support  [via ', 'a secret feature many drivers  do not know about.', ' goalie romero at the penalty shootout against ', 'space pirate captain harlock was visually stunning and action-packed but you may not like the story. i found it different...the story twists and turns, and takes a while to get to the point, or the lack thereof, depending if you "get" the movie\'s themes of rebirth, freedom and atonement...i loved the production values and the cg, as well as the design of the costumes, weapons, and ships. some of the humans even looked very real, especially yulian the fat pirate...perhaps the movie will annoy those who  do not like the dark vision or the meandering storyline. but story-wise, compared to transformers: age of distinction (which i had to watch twice, so pity me), space pirate captain harlock is a shakespearean tragedy of the highest order.', 'the mrbrown show:  stories..youtu.be.the mrbrown show: world cup stories', 'now you still have to collect your winnings..[via hansen koo]', ' with bonus video summary of the germany vs brazil match at the end of the post....mrbrown.com: always trust your laopeh', 'always trust your laopeh.', ' 7 :  1', 'the last time i saw a   score like this was fifa 14.', 'question. is the weapon thatk wahlberg uses in   an autobot toothpick?', ' do not forget the most important step.', 'when you need a bottle opener with teeth.  ', 'save us, ultraman!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: kl tunnel caves in, the sinkhole memes begin', 'this reuters photo of sheryl sandberg at the press event for their controversial mood study pretty much sums up what facebook feels about violating your privacy and manipulating your feed...\\__/..[via ', 'app are notly this was the real cause of the kl monorail cave-in [via ', 'and the kl cave-in photoshop memes begin!..[sent to me by ', 'in malaysia, the kl monorail service from hang tuah station to jalan imbi was temporarily suspended "due to cracks on the ground near the rail system\'s pillar".  would not a really big crack.', 'the things we do to get into a pair of skinny jeans....como colocar uma calca 34', 'klipsch sea is giving away 20 pairs of klipsch r6/r6i! all you have to do is to answer a few questions in their quick survey and you will automatically stand a chance to win a pair!..simply like their fan page at  and do the survey with a desktop computer (not on mobile) at this link: ..a big thank you for taking part and good luck!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: a little family vacation with the klipsch r6i in-ear headphones', 'make maths sexy again.', 'console truth.', 'i took the kids to see le noir. which sounds like lao nua to me...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: le noir: taking my little circus to a circus', 'drive until liddat.', ' age of extinction had some good action sequences but good grief, that messy and long convoluted plot, the shaky cam overload, thannoying product placement that spans american and chinese products, and the pandering china propaganda...chinese minister: "we will scramble the jets and protect hong kong at all cost!"..it was better than transformers 3 but only marginally...the movie had too many chief villains, of human and other species and you have to shift from one chief villain to another...the new eye candy is now 17. does michael bay want us to ogle a minor in very short shorts and low cut outfits now? what\'s for transformers 5? a sexy 15-year-old?..some of the hong kong cameos were fun. and li bingbing actually got to kick some ass and not just be a flower vase...lockdown was the coolest chief villain of all. they should have just gone with a story with him alone, instead of the side shows. the movie would have been shorter, clearer and more enjoyable.', "fifa's new safety requirement for suarez. ", 'dear lim swee say, if 55 is considered "young" by you, then how come at age 40, i get the eldershield package?..mrbrwn.co.labour chief lim swee say clarifies cpf comments', 'post your bare feet on instagram or twitter, hashtag  and support the barefoot walk to raise money for the needy!..the event happens on saturday, . sign up at ', 'scary hor? please be careful in hotels and look out for spy cams....mrbrown.com: beware of spy cams in your hotel rooms', 'ok, lim swee say, i will use less cpf when i am young. wait, what?..', 'six men. one e-bike...[seen in henan, china. via  and ', ' ..[via ', 'sign up for the  barefoot walk to raise money for those in need, at ..online registration closes on , physical registration after that. details at the website!..youtu.be.mrbrown goes barefoot for a day', 'the singapore sports hub logo looks like got ghosts coming leh. gui lai liao!', "my mom watches the  can notonese version of the pgp elanation and gives her thumbs up. ok, let's do more dialect stuff please...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: finally! the pioneer generation package video in cantonese", 'in the few minutes that facebook was down, productivity in offices went up by 200%.', "dear malaysian minister, maybe your country's audit report thicker because the font bigger leh?", 'the mrbrown news team looks at the sweeping ns changes...youtu.be.the mrbrown show: preferred ns vocations', 'truth.', 'i heard portugal had a head start in their  match against germany.', 'i was lamenting the lack of a  can notonese version of the pioneer generation package video the other day when i say the teochew version  and boom, now got!..i shall show it to my mom, she sure got something to say about it one...and it even features her favorite thing: mahjong!..youtube.com.pioneer generation package - mahjong style (in  can notonese with english subtitles)', " just another father's day ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: just another father's day", 'best banner at the world cup thus far...[via ', 'cracks me up every time i see "american captain" for captain america, "green light man" for green lantern, "iron hero" for iron man, "green giant" for the hulk, and "clown" for the joker.', 'so enjoyable to hear the lilt of the teochew dialect in this video about the pioneer generation package. i am not even teochew (i am  can notonese), but i understood some of it, helped by the english subs for the rest...so where is the hokkien version? and the more burning question, where is the cantonese version?!.. do not tell me i have to step in and make my own  can notonese one ah? fai ti la!..youtube.com.pioneer generation package - crosstalk (teochew with eng subs)', 'kim huat tells us three ways to save on your office printing...youtube.com.kim huat and hp present: three ways to save on your office printing', '"beat off until you arrive" was one of the rejected headlines?', 'kim huat tells us why he hates giant photostat machines so much...youtu.be.kim huat and hp present: why kim huat hates giant photostat machines', 'you know what makes me really annoyed about the cpf issue? the really ugly cpf website. it is a true crime against humanity.....it looks like the merlion got drunk and threw up all over the page...[hat tip to mr. miyagi]', 'so singapore now part of malaysia ah?..and  it is a trip into the ocean?', 'if a singpass account has been compromised, does it make it a singfail?..would i need to use this security device to visit government sites?', ' some tweaks to the mrbrown.com..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: some tweaks to the mrbrown.com', 'that adds up.', 'this is the straits times\'s idea of a "great" user eerience. a giant vdopia ad that takes up my bandwidth, three-quarters of my mobile screen, and is hard to close...you also cannot scroll until you close the damn ad...it may be time to use mobile browsers with ad-blockers now...i use atomic web browser on ios. what do you guys use?', ' i am thinking of someplace else on this monday...mrbrown.com: i am thinking of someplace else on this monday', 'ok. now we need godzilla\'s help...update: it is a harmless atlas moth (attacus atlas), indigenous to our region. in hong kong, it is known as "snake\'s head moth"...leave the lovely creatures alone hor. just admire from afar...[image via ', 'wah, the republic of singlish air force video is hot news in the chinese papers, zaobao weekly...the video got 300k views liao?! i  did not even know that.', ' weeee-guh...mrbrown.com: weeee-guh', 'every kid thinking about theholidays', 'too. much. cute...youtube.com.what a dance by a chubby korean baby!', 'what the fish', " is worth watching just for angelina jolie's brilliant performance. in fact, if it wasn't for her, the movie would have been so-so. without her, the movie would have become oz (the horror)...jolie conveys so much emotion with just one arch of her eyebrow...never have i felt so much anger and empathy at the same time, for a villain...you will never see disney's sleeping beauty the same way again...now if jolie could only do salt 2", 'peugeot cabriolet seen on the way to singapore. roof rosak ah?..[photo via andy kazama on fb]', 'real beauty.', 'q: what do rich thin-skinned politicians with powerful lawyers like to wear to parties?..a: the defamation suit.', 'start the monday with bounce.', 'thailand, taiwan all the same lah. ..[via ', ' what does the coup in thailand mean? a richer instagram eerience for white people', 'how shall i speak of x-men: days of future past without spoiling it for you all?..hmmm. here is my five-point review:..1. it was actually pretty good..2. it was probably the best x-men movie of the lot. but then the standards are low..3. could do with more action and less drama..4. time travel is very convenient tool hor?.5. it can also be renamed wolverine 3: his naked butt and friends...post credit bonus point: stay to the end, the post-credits scene was the most exciting part of the movie.', 'warning signs for the new generation.', 'frien "they should rename  2 to the amazing emma stone: spider-man too."', 'the video edition of the mrbrown show: republic of singlish air force! enjoy!..youtu.be.the mrbrown show: republic of singlish air force: the movie', 'kim huat tries to earn more interest..youtube.com.kim huat & ocbc present: seven stupid ways to earn more interest (and one smart one)', 'men can be pretty stubborn..[via ', 'does your child have problems studying for exams? try the isolator, a helmet invented in 1925 that helps focus and concentration!..free oxygen tank for first 100 customers!', 'singapore unleashes its most power air defence weapon ever! ..listen below or go to: ..soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: republic of singlish air force', 'i spent my last day in turkey capturing the people of taksim square, the heart of modern istanbul on eosure...brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - one hour at taksim square on eosure', 'the original name for the new godzilla movie was pui-zilla.', 'app are notly mac now supports windows...[via ]', 'godzilla = badass. and also, the best actor in entire movie...seriously, the fella stole the show from all the humans in the movie. they were almost irrelevant once the king of monsters shows up and starts fighting...i thought it was way better than the first godzilla movie with matthew broderick in 1998...it is still cheesy but in a fun way. i hope to see more sequels in this franchise.', 'after months of working on this, we can finally share our do the mozzie wipeout song and music video!..blog post: .music video: ..youtube.com.do the mozzie wipeout!', 'my recent  post from bodrum to bandirma got featured as a staff pick...brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - from bodrum to bandirma on eosure', "[from my friend, serena]:..wicoe (women in charge of everything) is proud to announce the opening of its..evening classes for men!.open to men only.all are welcome..note: due to the complexity and level of difficulty, each course will accept a maximum of eight participants. the course covers two days, and topics covered in this course include:..day one..how to fill ice cube trays.step by step guide with slide presentation..toilet rolls- do they grow on the holders?.roundtable discussion..differences between laundry basket & floor.practising with hamper (pictures and graphics)..dishes & silverware; do they levitate/fly to kitchen sink or dishwasher by themselves?.debate among a panel of eerts...remote control.losing the remote control - help line and support groups..learning how to find things.starting with looking in the right place instead of turning the house upside down while screaming - open forum..day two..empty milk cartons; do they belong in the fridge or the bin?.group discussion and role play..health watch; bringing her flowers is not harmful to your health.powerpoint presentation..real men ask for directions when lost.life testimonial from the one man who did..is it genetically impossible to sit quietly.as she parallel parks?.driving simulation..living with adults;.basic differences between.your mother and your wife.online class and role playing..how to be the ideal shopping companion.relaxation exercises, meditation and breathing techniques..remembering important dates & calling when you're going to be late.bring your calendar or pda to class..getting over it;.learning how to live with being wrong all the time.individual counselors available", "a surprise mother's day song for my mom...mrbrown and gleneagles present: `a mother knows you the very best of all", 'kim huat reports from adalar, turkey!..youtube.com.kim huat goes to adalar, turkey', "watch out for the full video of my mother's day song!..youtu.be.teaser: a mother knows you the very best of all", 'so thailands female prime minister yingluck shinawatra was ousted yesterday', 'in  news today: singaporean makes police report about fried rice being too spicy..."around 9pm on , i went to eat at a shop which i  can not recall the name. after i ordered the nasi goreng kampung and warm water, i had my meal, i found that it was extremely hot and too spicy..until today  i can still taste the spiciness from the rice i ate yesterday. i suspect that they cooked the rice with too much chilli."..via ', 'my question is: how did they do that a at the right, so high up in the dark?..[photo-low cq: ', 'wah what happened at toa payoh?..[photo via ', ' a morning at the doctors: a photo essay at  follow my wife as she goes through health screening at gleneagles hospital.....brown.eosure.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - a morning at the doctor\'s on eosure', "people's action party clothing store in bodrum, turkey?", "go check out kim huat's new places to keep your savings video on my youtube channel!..mrbrwn.co.kim huat & ocbc present: five places to keep your savings", 'seen at ephesus, turkey: genuine one leh.', ' synagogue street, izmir: a photo essay on  "mrbrown" lee - synagogue street, izmir on eosure', 'i thought this was a funny way to sing about the pioneer package. anyone know who the singer is?..youtube.com.pioneer generation package in 1 minute', ' ifa 2014 gpc: belek, antalya in turkey...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: ifa 2014 gpc: belek, antalya', 'this turkey hotel is very polite one. kumsia you many many.', 'man takes selfie with squirrel, then squirrel goes nuts...story from reddit: ', 'snake seen in toa payoh swimming pool. someone swimming trunks came off ah? oh wait. real snake...photo by danny yeo kai quan...via: ', 'star awards winner of best supporting hair product: the gel.', 'best. subtitles. evar.', 'straits times starts a latin edition of their paper?..[photo by ', 'say what?', 'cnn breaking news - found metal object not from  but consults aerospace eert to elain why said object could have been mistaken as debris from plane...', ' -liverpool fan.. - man city fan.. -arsenal fan.. -dessert fan.. -shopping fan', 'my site is up again. we apologize for the break in transmission.', 'sk-iii for dogs: for miracle transformation to vibrant clear skin. woof!', 'my provider,  is still restoring sites like mine after a massive ddos attack. i apologize for the downtime at mrbrown.com as we await their fixes.', '"i  can not talk right now, i am driving my ferrari."..your caption?..[inage by ', 'dear p are nots who are panicking because you  can not find the elsa costume for your kids, why not help them be princess olaf?..see more at: ', 'khairy jamaluddin : "looking at liverpool fans on my timeline this season, i have realised how annoying we, united fans, have been all these years."', 'she donned her costume. the world needed her. she was ready.', 'i hope they have space in jail for the giant shoplifters they arrested...[photo via my friend t. lai]', 'i  did not see anyone important today, so i will probably wear these same clothes tomorrow...[via ', 'most frequent causes of breakups..[via ]', 'my  came in like a wrecking baaaaaall', ' a llama dressed as batman. i repeat: a llama dressed as batman.', 'are these exercises or office seduction techniques?..[via ', '"a company has recalled a batch of pencils after a fourth-grade student pointed out an embarrassing message that appeared after he sharpened his pencil...the pencils carry the slogan \'\'too cool to do drugs.\'\' but the student noticed that when the pencils are sharpened and get shorter, the message becomes \'\'cool to do drugs,\'\' then simply \'\'do drugs.\'\'"..', 'spacing is very important...[via ]', 'what if the stb deleted video was really an action thriller?..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: the stb deleted video remade as thriller', 'stb has been compromised.', 'singapore has domestic flights now?..[photo via ', "singapore tourism board's cringeworthy video that was deleted from their youtube channel...vidd.me.singapore tourism board's cringeworthy video", 'wah. payment is three selfies. beyonc is such a generous boss...[via ', 'beware. this is how quick your ipad can be stolen in malaysia.', 'ok, i went to town with the  "logo"...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the renamed national gallery singapore and its new logo', 'more fun with the  "logo".', 'i couldn\'t resist playing with the new  "logo".', 'this is the new logo for the national gallery. i guess the space between the two rectangles is for the tour bus to park.', 'hey universal studios singapore! since youre replacing the battlestar galactica ride, maybe do something like this? from six flags: 41-storey drop!..read about it here: ', 'the ten commandments of mrbrown for the movie noah..i watched the 3d version of noah the movie and here are my thoughts:..1. thou shalt not believe the intro when it says it is inspired by the bible. it is an environmental conservation and vegan propaganda film disguised as a biblical (or some might say, anti-biblical) epic...2. thou canst enjoy it as an okay adventure film. the special effects are quite decent but the set pieces are also dragged down by long spells of boring dialogue...3. hence, thou will find it draggy in parts and will wish the flood came sooner...4. thou shalt not let russell crowe sing. not even a lullaby...5) thou can no longer take this movie seriously once thou seest the rock people a.k.a. fallen angels. hey, the hobbits called, and they want their rock people back...6. thou will also wonder why ancient peoples had such nice clothes and boots...7. thou will be able to tell this is an ancient time because the world is full of white people who speak with a british accent...8. thou will enjoy anthony hopkins\'s restrained acting as methuselah, grandfather of noah. give that man a berry...9. thou may be prompted, after the movie, to reread the book of genesis, and think deep thoughts about it...10. thou will wonder if the sequel will feature david battling the goliaths, giant robots piloted by the philistines, tentatively entitled "david and goliath: titanfall". inspired by the first book of samuel, of course.', "seen in a chinese in singapore forum: prc prs are discussing a new rule that says if their 2nd-generation pr son  does not serve ns, it will affect the renewal of the father/mother/sponsor's pr...app are notly last time, prs could apply for pr for their son to come over to live and study, then when the son turns 18, and liable for ns, the fella would give up pr and go back to his home country or go overseas for further studies...now cannot already lor...point number 15 is app are notly a recent addition.", ' "the best thing about pregnant women is the free wifi."', 'are you there yet?..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: 30 signs of unclehood', 'a photo essay on a day in the life of a certis cisco officer...brown.eosure.so.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - match night on eosure', "happy monday! let's hope today isn't the oven that sunday was.", 'cargo disaster at tsuen wan container terminal and mad storm in hong kong!..[via ', 'spider-man came to singapore to promote  ah? then how come they sent electro too? he use the most leh!', "this guy at the op's great grandma's rest home was playing halo 2...[via reddit]..when i grow old, my rest home better have lan gaming.", 'professional criterium racers getting ready for action at  2014!', "crit girls at ..i will be there on sunday morning taking photos for instagram. drop by at singapore's biggest cycling event if you can.", 'overheard by a friend at sim lim square...salesman: "the cameras are similar, no different. i know mafia. gimme your credit card."..', '..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: singapore memory project: ', 'woah. captain america: the winter soldier was better than the first captain america, and in some ways, superior to the avengers...the story is darker and deeper. and i actually felt disturbed by the implications. who can you trust these days?..the action set pieces were also great, especially the badass nick fury one. did i mention how badass nick fury is? well, he was badass...it had action in spades! it had captain america\'s pectorals! it had lingering shots of black widow\'s derrire! everything you want in a captain america movie...the only problem i had with the movie was, "eh, the world in danger until liddat, where are the avengers?"..i asked the same question when i watched thor 2 as well...beware, the movie is long though, so pee before watching. needless to say, stay for the end credits. stay all the way.', "going to the dentist's is like going to a car wash for your mouth. sometimes, power tools are used if servicing is required.", 'so  posts a photo of his  drink on fb. and lo and behold, i also drinking the same thing, at the same time, miles away!', ' thirteen..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: thirteen', 'i have to say, even though i was a reluctant father taking my kids to watch a last-day-of-holiday movie, mr peabody and sherman turned out to be very very good...the movie is entertaining for kids and yet, has references throughout the movie that adults will laugh at (like former us president clinton saying, "i have done worse." cracked me up.)...though it takes some liberties with history (ok, quite a lot of liberty), the time periods and history were great conversation topics with my kids and starting points to trigger their interest in history...above all, it is funny. and even touching. i couldn\'t believe i could feel so moved by an animated dog\'s love for his animated adopted human son...i have a deep regard for your movie, mr peabody. well done.', 'so basically, the indonesian army likes to cosplay as convicted terrorists issit?', 'so that was my first tweet. how apt. i am still playing the game and it still rules...', 'go back sure kena hamtam one...[via bosslogic]', 'kl moved to indonesia liao. cnn fail...[via ', 'michaelan-fei-lo', 'had a healthy  lunch at lim soup (blk 161 bukit merah central) with   and  today...the food was fresh, tasty and had no msg. sooooo good!', 'i  do not think this is the right word for a travel ad.', ' would not british "journalism" for you...via ', 'i heard all the liverpool fans are having prata this morning, ordering "uncle! three kosong!"..(ht to my friend philip)', 'google is like magic.', 'spotted on reddit: "malaysia should rename their country to delaysia." ..(ht to aubrey)', 'fracture a photo essay....mrbrwn.co.kinmun "mrbrown" lee - fractured on eosure', 'this photo does not need captions.', 'close enough.', 'do check out the wheels of time exhibition by ocbc cycle, featuring 8 iconic bicycles...venue: ocbc centre main branch, 65 chulia street.opening hours: 8.30am to 4.30pm, mondays to fridays..(shared because i love old bicycles, not a paid post.)', 'got car!..health promotion board, singapore is with suzi veloo and lena seah..ruary 2014 ..embark on a healthier journey with the 1 million kg challenge and stand to win the all-new 2014 swift! ', 'spot on...via ', 'via today: "the malaysian police have denied doctoring photos of flight mh370 passengers with stolen passports - saying one mans legs were spliced over the others in a photocopying error."....let me quote malaysia\'s indignant acting transport minister datuk hishammuddin: "there is only confusion if you want it to see it as confusion."', '$105+gst for  world cup ah?..sorry. lah.', 'the singapore police keeps doing movie-style posters. this says "guagua: the movie" to me...feel free to contribute titles to  in the comments below.', 'ironic statement of the week: "china is calling on malaysia to be more transp are not"..via ..bloomberg.com.malaysia finds managing crisis eoses leadership limits', 'support me in the  blogger challenge! make miyagi kena do hot yoga! join at this link: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: 1 million kg challenge: make miyagi kena do hot yoga!', 'please  do not click on hoax spam links that say  has been found. it looks like this image here...if you already clicked it, please delete the post from your facebook newsfeed so others  will not be fooled. thank you.', 'stay classy, safra.', '"no, officer, i do not know where the weekend went."', 'a digital painting of charlize theron, by my friekang (jasonlan on deviantart)...wow. just wow...link: ', 'i think the phrasing needs work here.', "300: rise of an empire turned out to be pretty good. same stylized violence as the original 300 but just more of it. the slow-motion-then-fast-motion-then-slow-motion-again fight scenes return...it is 300 but with ships! and a female villain! and more rousing speeches about fighting for freedom! and rousing speeches about fighting for your brother! and rousing speeches about fighting for your country! did i mention the rousing speeches?..by the way, where did they find so many buff dudes? it was a sausage fest of a movie, man...eva green was a fearsome villainess as artemisia. i think she stole the show from all the good guys, including sullivan stapleton's rather bland greek leader themistocles (does he have an atomic brother, thermonucles?). i found myself rooting for her to wipe out the greeks...if 300 meant to show you the one key underdog battle, rise of empire tries to show you the larger war...ok.  would not giving the movie too much credit in the intelligence department. just watch it for the crazy fight set pieces. and ships crashing into each other like muscular bodies colliding in sweaty battle.", "aiyah. must be fair lah. singapore isn't the most eensive city in the world if you  do not buy car,  do not buy house,  do not drink or smoke,  do not fall sick", 'selfie king...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: oscars 2014: the selfie you  did not see', 'even if there was an  for best leonardo dicaprio, meryl streep would win it instead. -', 'sure, ellen took that famous multi-celebrity selfie with a sponsored samsung, but backstage, she was on her iphone... ', 'ultimate selfie from  at the oscars...i think it broke twitter.', 'seen on my twitter feed. er', 'dafeng is the nick fury of .(pasar malam life)', ' should be renamed kaopeh because  would not what you will do when you see the ending of this disastrous disaster movie...the effects were decent enough. but the plot met a painful and gruesome death in the arena...even kiefer sutherland was dialing it in as the one-dimensional baddie in the form of roman senator quintus...i swear, the best actor in the movie was the horse.', "too funny...youtu.be.animal crackers (the best of bbc one's walk on the wild side) [shamrock edit] ", 'so let me get this straight. this is byc jacobs?', "non-stop is no taken. but it was still fairly enjoyable as a whodunit thriller...liam neeson wasn't so zai in this movie. more like a hapless pawn. so if you're looking for the action that taken and taken 2 were famous for, this ain't it...the ludicrous plot means you have to suspend your disbelief. i am talking leaving your disbelief behind at the airport lounge as you board your plane kind of suspend your disbelief...the movie will probably end up being very good material for an honest trailer parody.", 'elosion-proof siol.', 'haha! gotta love the scdf reply to my tweet about the police officer who thought of using a firefighting vehicle to fight a riot', ' guagua moment?', 'my mil said, "when gahmen wants to tax you, it is immediate. when gahmen wants to give you something, it is later."..boomz...[photo by jiajih]', 'budget in a nutshell....mrbrown.com: singapore budget 2014 in a nutshell', 'if we got read pioneer magazine last time, we counted as pioneer generation or not?..', 'truth about dc vsvel.', 'very eensive back rub...[via ', 'facebook buys whatsapp for $19bn; may rename it whatsappayourfacebook.', 'me: "siri, give me directions to tan tock seng hospital."..siri: "i am sorry, i do not know this place, tan boxing."..me: "give me directions to tan. tock. seng."..siri: "i am sorry, you do not have the contact for tarn tock."', 'if liam neeson\'s taken was in singapore, it\'d be called tekan..."i  do not know who you are, but si geena, i will find you, and i will tekan you."', "smrt's train propulsion software is called kns. elains everything.", 'happy monday to you all.', 'am i the only one who sees "by pap" in this total defence installation?..[ht to lynx]', "happy valentine's day!", "today is valentine's day and yuan xiao jie. so  it is double romantic. it means, guys, you have to watch at least two chick flicks with her...i suggest the notebook and a walk to remember.", 'yo!  is releasing a new ep on  and  it is free (for vday only). go get it now!..shimona.bandcamp.com.a walk with my shadow ep, by shimona', 'you smell that?  would not indonesia saying, "up yours, singapore and malaysia."..', 'totally  moment for this tribun newspaper.', 'been there. done that.', 'three days to valentines day, or as some know it as, friendzoned day.', 'pm lee should send a strong diplomatic message to sby.', 'this sexy hpb faq is you all need...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: the sexy faq', 'smrt introduces human traffic light system for their mrt platforms...for real. this is not a parody...', 'nom nom nom nom...[via kick it in the nuts]', 'nama, this chocolate nice sia.', 'dear algebra', 'remember kids,  do not drive angry. you can become famous overnight. just because someone gave you the finger  does not give you the right to use your car as a weapon to eress your anger. lives are at stake on the road, ok?', 'not sure i want to tell people i play with my flappy bird.', 'video: the ji pa ban performance at tiong bahru market two saturdays ago for  is out!..youtu.be.workright campaign -- if only (follows the tune of  ji ba ban)', "the intro screen to facebook's new paper app", 'my mobile provider is no longer m1 but a new telco player called "no service".', 'looks like  network is down. down like a clown in a gown in chinatown.', 'lone survivor was really really good. the action sequences were tension-filled and the bravery of those involved made me shed manly tears...although i thought it was a little thin in the character development department, the movie still succeeded in making us care for the men who gave their lives valiantly.', 'robocop 2014 review: it was better than i eected. did not suck like total recall reboot...but dredd on motorcycle > robocop on motorcycle.', ' do not think that in singapore we  do not know about ..my house nearby got one, many years already.', '"the broncos tried to throw in the towel but it was intercepted.".. ', ' would not an unfortunate subtitling error by the bbc..via ', 'friend, while tossing yusheng: "!"..us: "!".. ', 'brother, watching some random movie: "wait the pacific rim robots come out and fight the, what are they called gyoza."..me: "kaiju lah."..gypsy danger! release the bomb now! the class 5 dumpling is coming out of the breach!', 'got this from a friend. ', 'blessed lunar new year to you all, dear readers!you have a no horse run 2014!', 'public holiday falling on a saturday very boh hua one.', 'more questions that obama has not answered in the  mr president, do you want to build a snowman?..', '"entering or remaining in train when it is full." = $500 fine?..then people will be fined every single day lah...see the regulations at this pdf: ', '"a man received message from his neighbor...sorry sir i am using your wife i am using day and night i using when u r not present at home in fact i am using more than u r using i confess this because now i feel very much guilty hope u will accept my sincere apologies..man went home and had a big fight with his wife...few minutes later he received another message...sorry sir spelling mistake  it is not wife but wifi."..[via sinkid tay]', ' when hawkeye ran out of arrows and othervel secret stories (turn on the sound!).....instagram.com.instagram', 'kim huat lashes out at wanton disregard for our dignity as public transport users of singapore...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: who say we smelly?', 'well played, the tuckshop. ..', 'this is official signage from north vancouver municipal...via ..[ht to glen yang]', 'slippery when wet...[via ', 'well hung...[photo by ', 'two more weeks to "when are you getting a boyfriend/girlfriend/husband/wife/baby/another baby?".', 'since when did mia get so fair ?..see comparison photo via  ', 'well, that lofty goal ended pretty quickly...[photo seen at the smrt ltd  satire page]', 'will the chinese name of the upcoming robocop movie be ?', 'useful chart for the blokes.', 'someone  did not quite understand what minister midas was about, methinks...', 'lta plans to fine our bus operators up to $4000 for every 6 secs that a bus runs late...guess who will end up paying for those fines?..', ' googled "best gaming mouse" and got this.', 'a prickly situation...via ', 'random cuteness moment.', 'singapore, where your companies can screw up and still get the fare hikes you ask for. good life.', 'chibabom.', ' "this surprising fact will change the way you look at clickbait sites.".....mrbrown.com: this surprising fact will change how you look at clickbait sites', 'this looks familiar.', 'midas  does not know why singaporeans are so angry.be he never will...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: angry singapore', "jack ryan: shadow recruit was a serviceable thriller. chugged along predictably with very few surprises...but i liked gemma chan's minor character, agent amy, more than chris pine. she looked more kickass...when i see chris pine running around this movie, i half eect him to ask scotty to beam him up. being in star trek ruined him for present day shows, i feel...the hunt for redis still my favorite tom clancy movie, i am afraid...kevin costner was nicely low key here. but one never saw enough of his dark side, though he does get behind a sniper rifle. the trailer suggested he was some amoral character that would do anything to get the job done but in the movie, he was less nuanced...and keira knightly really needs to eat more. man, she is so thin, i half eected her to snap in two.", 'pap mp surprised to see cock in botanical gardens.', 'today\'s "win liao lor" moment, from my twitter feed, via follower ms lin:.."dad wanted wasabi flavoring. mom took first tube that said wasabi from storeroom...five minutes later, \'why got shampoo smell coming from the pan???!\'"', 'latte art  would not wrong. so, so wrong.', 'in, ferdinand puentes and his fellow passengers jumped out of a sinking makani kai air cessna. must be the scariest selfies ever.', "you know that weight you're trying to lose from christmas? i have two words for you: bak kwa...", 'breaking news: after mda censorship, the singapore version oftin scorseses the wolf of wall street has been renamed the woof of wall street.', 'liddat is called "ask permission" ah?..[image via john lee]', "name card of chen guangbiao, one of china's top 400 richest people, and the guy who wants to buy the nyt...china earthquake rescue hero and china moral leader leh. mai siao siao.", 'perhaps  should release a more macho version of the razer nabu next, called the razer naohia. named after the beautiful naohia falls in hawaii, of course...as singaporeans, we should support local companies like razer. thats why i told their ceo,  nabu !', 'yes, we know that feeling.', 'congratulations to christina lim peck hwee for winning the  playbar in our contest. the team will be contacting you shortly!', 'now that sex bloggers alvin and vivian a.k.a. alvivi have split up over cheating allegations, will alvin go solo and call himself alvulva?', 'probably not the best cycling poster design.', '', 'spends $4.3 billion building an undersea tunnel eressway;  does not spend enough to teach drivers how to use it, causing day 1 gridlock...', 'sounds legit.', 'chapter 1 is now out.', 'i will pass, thank you...[photo via ]', ' would not pretty specific.', 'preach it, brudder...ivan heng. at 09:04 ..i just could not bear watching the mediacorp channel 5 countdown. im sorry to say this, but it was so cheena. please. we are still one month from the year of the horse. i kept flipping channels to double-check to see if i was watching channel 8 or ctv. jack neo and zoe tay wished me happy new year in mandarin, and wang lee hom took to the stage as the main act. wake up your ideas mediacorp. this is public service broadcasting. this is the countdown for our nation. i would hate to see another version of the ndp where we cimo-cimo. but where were the malays, indians, eurasians, peranakans and not to mention the dozens of other races and nationalities who today call singapore their country and home. and could we not have featured more of our wonderful singaporean talents on stage? its bad enough that you play no local music on radio and your programming is lazy, lackluster and cheap. wake up your ideas, do your job. no folks. im not coming home to 5. because its not home.', 'i just could not bear watching the mediacorp channel 5 countdown. im sorry to say this, but it was so cheena. please. we are still one month from the year of the horse. i kept flipping channels to double-check to see if i was watching channel 8 or ctv. jack neo and zoe tay wished me happy new year in mandarin, and wang lee hom took to the stage as the main act. wake up your ideas mediacorp. this is public service broadcasting. this is the countdown for our nation. i would hate to see another version of the ndp where we cimo-cimo. but where were the malays, indians, eurasians, peranakans and not to mention the dozens of other races and nationalities who today call singapore their country and home. and could we not have featured more of our wonderful singaporean talents on stage? its bad enough that you play no local music on radio and your programming is lazy, lackluster and cheap. wake up your ideas, do your job. no folks. im not coming home to 5. because its not home.', 'as the new year rolls around, let us reflect upon our lives and remember that we should tear the 2014 tab for our parking coupons.', 'happy 2014!!!!', 'kim huat shares his feelings about driving on the latest and most eensive eressway in singapore...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat goes underground', 'i just crossed 100,000 followers on twitter.  would not really nice. thanks for the support all these years, folks!', 'day 2 of the mce: taxi fare from bishan toina bay financial centre after the taxi driver got lost three times...can fly to kl liao...via  ', "welcome to singapore's $4.3-billion-dollar undersea car park: the mce!..", 'i hope all of you who drove through the super-eensiveina coastal eressway  enjoyed your view of the tunnel walls.', 'that is a chio boat.', 'downtown line is down again...in the old days, when an mrt line opened, we said, "what an engineering marvel!"..nowadays, singaporeans ask "when will it break down ah?"', ' the ten-year appliance death pact: ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: the ten-year appliance death pact', 'burp.', 'limpeh buy the presents one.', 'idea, hor?..[via ', 'merry christmas, everyone!', 'signs you have been married quite long:..1. asking, "what you want for christmas ah?"..2. presents not wrapped (but the kids\' are)..3. gift vouchers', 'impatient dude at atm queue at a fella who just finished his transaction: "take so long!"..uncle, you damn one kind. wait a bit will die ah?..wonderful example you are setting for your young son who is queuing with you too.', 'blessed christmas from the browns!....jibjab.com.rocking around the christmas tree!', ' downtown line stage 1 sets new record...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: downtown line stage 1 sets new record', 'vacuum-packed rabbit head sold in china, seen on weibo by  ok. eww.', 'sorry, but is it called downtown line or downtime line ah?', 'where the kampung burger was invented?', 'career opportunity right here...[via ', 'q: how does thor like to get his latest movies?..a: bit-thorrent.', 'so if we let you have your fare hikes, your trains  will not break down so often issit?', 'wife, looking at her twitter fee "you really tweet a lot."..me: "you only follow me mah. and i like sharing links and things."..wife: "you have no life."..', "this was my lunch today: nasi padang near my office. it wasn't $2.50 but it tasted great.", " wasn't as bad as i eected it to be. it had decent action and pace, though a tad predictable...the creature designs were particularly good. as a westernized telling of an asian tale, it did a pretty credible job...also, keanu reeves showed his awesome ability to maintain one eression throughout the movie. even his sword showed more emotions.", 'behold, the 47th lampshade.', ' i use the  wireless system as a home theatre. also: contest to win a playbar! details in post. ..mrbrwn.co.mrbrown.com: my home theatre set up with the sonos system', 'ive been found out! they know i am a pappy now!....forums.hardwarezone.com.sg.anyone agrees? mr brown has been paplised.', 'i heard mp baey yam keng got lobang for $2.50 nasi padang ah? where ah? where so cheap and good ah?', 'what an exciting saga it is!..mda vs bertha hensen vs cherian george vs the real singapore (who believe "bertha henson is just a government mouthpiece to facilitate the government to clamp down the real alternative medias out there.")..miyagi told me the whole thing is more complicated than a trade federation plot...indeed when it all started, it was star wars: a new hope...then the mda strikes back...then the return of the cherian...then the henson menace...then attack of the trs clones..then revenge of the shift-ing goalposts...in the end, darth mda wants you to know, they are your father.', 'buy buy buy! mai tu liao! quick! before the price goes up any further!..[via ', 'be careful when you tell your malaysian car wash fella to "clean inside your car" too...[via ]', 'spends a ton of money making car aerodynamic with body kit; attaches a red nose and a pair of antlers to car.', 'minister lui tuck yew: "little india can become a better place - police presence enhanced, less alcohol and congestion, enforcement tightened.".. would not ppelacet leh.', 'the last samurai was seen on an mrt carriage today...according to the eye-witness who took this video: "he was agitated that the 3 transit security guys were tailing him. at one point he pulled out his sword from the sheath and pointed it at one of the cops.  would not when everyone backed away."..[video byian lim, used with permission.]', 'what nice legs he has.', 'today i wore a checked shirt but i avoided mainstream media all day because i  did not want to be mistaken for the little india riot hero.', ': the month p are nots spend a lot of time and money with pacific bookstores.', 'here is a top ten list of other things i foresee the mda  will not allow the breakfast network to do. ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: mda to the breakfast network: all your internetz are belong to us', 'you have a backup, right?..this and other five word tech horrors at ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: five word tech horrors', 'i cannot go back to an iphone 4s anymore. i already have apps on the fifth row of the home page of my iphone 5s.', 'friend\'s wife: "what do you want for christmas?"..read the rest here: ', 'timeline of  via singapore police force and today', 'the gahmen: "we nair shut down breakfast network what. we asked them to register only. they chose to ownself close one!"..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: gahmen licenses breakfast network website to death', 'hey, i have seen that before. at pap rally coverage during elections.', 'fierce...', 'it is amazing to me that the police brought things under control without firing a single shot, lethal or non-lethal.  would not remarkable restraint...thank you, home team and gurkhas, for standing in the line of fire to keep us all safe...and the ten police officers and four scdf officers who were injured dealing with the  get well soon!', 'updates...also from today: "little india riot: police say about 400 people were involved and they damaged 5 police vehicles and 1 ambulance. several private vehicles were also damaged and 10 officers were injured...police activated resources from special operations command and gurkha contingent to the scene and the situation is under control."', "come now, the  is a scary incident but let's stay calm and keep the politics and xenophobia out of this...i hope nobody is seriously hurt, especially our police officers and ambulance guys responding to this.", 'angry mob overturning police cars in  please stay safe, people. keep away from the area. ..youtube.com.angry mob  little india - part 2 - overturn cars', 'burning vehicles at the  please stay safe and stay away from the area as the police deal with the situation...youtube.com.riot in little india', 'yes we like to party for our welfare! everybardie parteeeeeee!', '"at first i hesitated to make the purchase, but then i saw the two aa batteries were free with the remote, and i was all in! having this really fills in that empty space we called a bathroom!"..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: funny comments at amazon page for an 85-inch led tv', 'probably not the best hose for washing her car...imgur.com.lady washes car', 'our present to you this christmas...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: ownself have a happy like bird christmas', 'amazon air pew pew pew....imgur.com.imgur: the simple image sharer', 'i made this with the endless possibilities malaysia campaign website! go and make your own malaysia ad! so much fun (and fail)!..', ' listening to music with my  wireless speaker system...get a mrbrown promo code from the blog post, for a discount at the sonos singapore webstore! ', 'jeremy clarkson, when he was a little girl...[via ', 'this cracked me up but i  do not recommend letting small children watch it. it would scar them for life...youtu.be.the day barney the dinosaur was killed', 'almost the whole family makes new glasses...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: my four-eyes family', 'you may want to avoid these poses for your next beauty pageant, seen at the changlong bikini competition in guangzhou, china...[via ]', 'rest and give thanks for what you have, for  it is thanksgiving, and on  friday, we fight.', 'this saturday, hong lim park will be the venue of the purple parade, a movement that supports the inclusion & celebrates the abilities of persons with special needs...come join  !..details at: ', 'the week mrbrown relaxed one corner...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: simple pleasures in  life', 'quite what? ', 'seen in a bali restaurant', 'seen in the middle east. er', 'me: eh, see this photo of my reader scratched by monkeys at batu caves in kl."..friend 1: what did they use to scratch her?..friend 2: penknife...', 'come,  it is almost the weekend! name your  here!..mine is fishball mee and bak chor mee!', 'virgins-only event?..[photo by my friend, nic]', 'pretty spot on.', 'that looks painful.', 'sing along with kim huat!..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat sings army songs', 'mother of the year. not...[via kode subject fb]', 'how did.."booking out, see my girlfriend.saw her with another man.broken heart, back to army.with my rifle and my buddy and me.\'..become sing until.."booking out, see my girlfriend.saw her with another man.kill the man, rape my girlfriend.with my rifle and my buddy and me."..', 'read the rest of the statuses my  bot says on my behalf.....mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: what would i say?', 'which one are you?', "singapore! we have to catch up with malaysia in english lah! how can, lddat? they more boleh than us leh!..[via dayak people educated's fb]", 'bless this kind soul...', 'make sia, not war! i made more  pictures for you! ..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: cool sia! (part 2)', 'so many ways of saying sia, sia!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: cool sia! (part 1)', ' art soothes the soul...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: colour me proud', 'resident genius.', "talk about whitewashing the truth. i guess the malaysian authorities couldn't lego of the matter...malaysia saya. at 17:13 ..1. lithuanian-born artist ernest zacharevic creates a piece on a wall in jb, home of legoland malaysia...2. authorities says  it is vandalism and does not portray malaysia well as it gives people the wrong impression. an unknown group tries to appease the authorities by painting a policeman...3. authorities paints over the wall today afternoon...4. not so completely white wall now.", 'blogger can get free haircut sponsorship one ah? how come nair tell me? i also blogger!', 'so random, so fun! thanks to colin goh for organizing this on such short notice!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: inaugural (and totally random) singlish literary salon 2013', 'wah this cucumber damn big, can?', 'if they have a pouch, it may mean they are the coffee shop kopi uncle or auntie.  would not where they keep the change.', 'wah be a blogger can so dua pai ah?!..[via hwz:  ]', 'why font choices matter...[image via ', 'french or hokkien perfume ah?..[photo via dr lim from melbourne]', 'not quite sure how to pronounce the name of these japanese snacks.', 'seen in the london underground. love the british sense of humour...[image via ', 'update:  frankly, i think the video shows more of what happened than this photo,  do not you think?.-----.driver reverses into a stationary taxi and then accuses the taxi driver of hitting her car from behind...good thing the taxi got in-car video...[video by taxi driver freddie chan chong kong: ]', 'are you a manly man? let us count the ways...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: how to be a manly man', 'shanghai cinema uses thor poster that was circulating on the internet...[via reddit: ]', "everyone's first time having a mcflurry.", "me: siri, message my wife...siri: which wife?..me: ?!!..i later found out that i had mis-assigned another contact as an extra spouse...heng the wife wasn't around to hear this siri conversation or there'd be a lot of elaining to do.", 'justin beanber...[via ', 'coke responds to pepsi halloween ad...coke ftw..[via 9gag]', '"help-ception"..[image seen on sgag ]', "katy perry dressed up as justin bieber for halloween...now that's scary.", 'foreign siao cha bor damages one of the nicest installations at changi airport: kinetic rain. she has since been arrested...why? why you damage my fave thing there, you silly woman!', 'ahem..[original image via ', ' now links to my google plus page...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: got my google plus url, sweet!', 'virgins of changi! your abstinence is finally going to pay off!', 'from twitter:.. "okay, this is not funny. who farted on board bus 33  10.42am, sbs 8842k?"..confess, farter! confess and live!', 'scary.', "seen by a friend's friend, at a local university.", "pm lee: s'pore should see itself as sampan 2.0, not cruise ship...", ' should be renamed loki & friends. loki really stole the show. hiddleston had all the best lines...thor 2 was way more enjoyable than the first thor movie. it was lotr action with avengers humor. the scene that made me laugh the loudest was thor in the apartment. soooo good...earth scenes felt irrelevant. natalie portman was still a  (flower vase)...i also loved the costume design, the asgardian armor especially.', 'an original song from the mrbrown show gang to you, my giraffe-loving friends!..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: the giraffe song', "i have changed my profile to a giraffe. i tried to answer a riddle and got it wrong. try the great giraffe challenge!..(be careful,  do not download giraffe pics from unfamiliar sites or you may get a virus.)..the deal is i give you a riddle. you get it right you get to keep your profile pic. you get it wrong and you change your profile pic to my giraffe for the next 3 days...message me only so you don't give out the answer...here is the riddle: 3:00am, the doorbell rings and you wake up. uneected visitors,  it is your p are nots and they are there for breakfast. you have strawberry jam, honey, wine, bread and cheese. what is the first thing you open?..remember message me only.", " was a great movie until second half when it became a draggy commercial for the us navy...tom hanks acted his butt off but even his awesome performance couldn't stop me from feeling that the movie 30 minutes too long.", 'bicycle nerds will understand this. related post: ', 'unfortunate toy design', 'what new stations will there be, if saf gets around to changing ippt? the twitterverse weighs in....mrbrown.com: new ippt stations', 'finally tried the klipsch a5i sport earphones. fits the ears very well, secure yet comfy...wish the bass was tighter but as a single armature unit, the clarity is decent. like a rugged s4i...mine is a loud lime green. you can see me jogging with it a mile away, if i jog, that is.', 'even batman has stopped using his batberry.', "lady gaga's newest look: hash brown koala bear.", "i stared at this photo for a long time and wondered why the lady would jump on dpm's hand", ' was pretty fun and entertaining... do not eect a sherlock/houdini from stallone and you will be fine...arnold schwarzenegger  can not act but we all knew that. this was still one of his better recent movies (the last stand was horrible.)..escape plan ended up being a somewhat-intelligent action movie.', 'good news: ippt 2.4km run scrapped...bad news: replaced by 3.2km run.', 'my condensed and annotated version of this fail commercial from nikon malaysia...if you want to watch the whole painful thing:...update: seems like the video was deleted and an edited version re-uploade ', 'i am disappointed that   did not come in ah beng gold.', 'soon, we will be wallet air...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: ipad air: we  did not quite see that coming, did we?', "breaking news: nsmen may get to choose vocation.....clerk and storeman ftw!!!..here's a mrbrown video to remind you how great it is to be storeman!...the mrbrown show: the army is my boyfriend", 'everyone is looking forward to the next big thing in apple products, that solves the oldest problem in the world..mrbrownshow.com.the mrbrown show: an apple you can wear', 'sign at a restaurant in korea. what the?..reddit user pinqnoiz elains:.."    ...two people eat, one die, the other  does not know... it is a common korean eression with mouthwatering food...it means when two people are eating this dish, the other  would not notice if the other dropped dead because  it is so fking good."', 'song mingtang, a lorry driver in eastern china, zhejiang province, miraculously survives this crazy moment on the road.', 'iphone for the departed, a story from reader "mystery story":.."yesterday i went to buy joss sticks and joss paper to pray for my ancestors. the towkay asked me if i want to buy paper iphone to burn for my ancestors. i said they know how to use or not? he said steve jobs already there, can teach them to use. i said ok loh...he asked want to buy casing? i also said ok...next he asked me if i wanted bluetooth? i said might as well loh...what about charger? i said need charger meh? he said of course lah, after battery no power how? so i bought the charger also...then i asked for his name card...he said why you need my name card? i said i burn for my ancestors. for warranty claim, they will contact you direct."...mrbrown.com: iphones for the departed', 'this is the ornate truesmart smartwatch. cool-looking but the facebook so small how to read?..one status update at a time ah?', 'full blog post: ..youtube user galaxnite uploaded this video of the infamous smrt bus 190 that is always overcrowded and often impossible to board. i have taken 190 before and it is a sucky ride...smrt released a media statement after the video went viral and said they would "continue to monitor the situation closely as part of our commitment to deliver a positive customer eerience."..yeah right. the customer service is terrible. have you tried complaining to them before? i have. in fact, i did it on the 3rd oft 2013, more than a month ago, about one of their drivers who  did not give way to my bicycle. included a freaking diagram of the incident some more...no. reply. yet...this is the kind of responsiveness you can eect from smrt...no wonder the response to the bus 190 media statement was rage and anger...source: ', 'latest technology: 3d t-shirts...[image from ', 'but mrbrown is the only true brownaissance man!..oh wait,  it is about eyebrows. false alarm.', 'seen in a taxi by friend ', 'you know this is true.', 'if singapore had its own agents of s.h.i.e.l.d., what kind of agency would it be?..', 'i just want to speak to your human please.', '"st headline: woman allegedly files false police report to get a day off from work..a 22-year-old woman lodged a police report on stating that an unknown man riding a bicycle snatched her handbag at about 6.15am at sembawang drive. she claimed her bag contained an ez-link card and personal items...the woman made the false report so that she could be absent from work as she had used up her leave entitlement, the police said in a media statement. her boyfriend instigated her to make the report."..slow clap', 'i  do not care if your milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, clean it up now and use a mop.', ' would not a lot of email to clear.', 'this story made my day...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: special children are born to special people', 'those who upgraded, you know this.', 'kiss already!..[via george takei]', 'seen at a lift upgrading site.', 'hi, i am a k-pop star, and my name is min kun...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: singapore k-pop band names', 'thank goodness for canada.', 'i  do not know how mankind communicated before the invention of messaging stickers.', 'guagua.', 'movie about formula one cars is called rush...movie about bicycles is called premium rush...arush is about the speed of sound.', 'me: "siri, where is the best bak chor mee?"', 'me: "siri, where is the best hokkien mee?"..siri: "where is the best hockey in me? so far the maple leafs are in first place in the nhl."', 'i hope my wife  does not get any ideas from this.', 'from right to left, official reserved sign, semi-official reserved sign, & ownself-homemake reserved sign.....[via ', 'was chatting with miyagi and facebook said he is in hong kong park. ', 'lorry spills huge metal frames at the big junction of upper serangoon road & upper paya lebar road at around 11.30am... it is still there at 12.30pm as another lorry with crane is picking up the dropped objects...traffic is slow and traffic police have arrived. drive carefully.', 'our libraries, safer because of him.', 'i think  it is important that one does not reveal classified information like the saf "one punch one kill" technique used by the elite saf cum isd special operations force counter terrorist plain clothes commandos...not even when one is angry that someone touched your phone at the library.', '"do you like my new dress?"', 'hot sun is hot....mrbrown.com: a very hot sunday afternoon', 'miley is not the only one who  can not stop, ok?..youtube.com.the mrbrown show: we  can not stop leh', 'if lee hsien loong and najib razak got together, they can form a k-pop group called 2pm.', ' would not how he rolls...i.imgur.com.', 'season parking only.', 'gotta love the it crowd.', 'us  is a great opportunity.', 'tuition teacher sms spam i received recently.', '"name a yellow fruit.".."orange!"..youtu.be.funniest game show answers of all time', 'with the us government shutdown, now is the chance for canada to make the us a part of the true north!..strike now, canada! strike with your legendary politeness!', "let's hear for j-town!..soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: a gem of a mall", 'breaking: us federal govt shuts down for first time in 17 years as congress fails to reach deal on funding...party time!!!...mrbrown.com: usa no gahmen', 'eectation vs reality.', 'that was close...imgur.com.imgur: the simple image sharer', 'a singapore math dealer. ', "if singapore did  it is own  series, it'd be called breaking good and be about a struggling primary school chemistry teacher turned math dealer...and in case you  do not know what a math dealer is,  it is a teacher who runs a lucrative sideline selling math exam papers from elite schools.", 'words of wisdom...[via epic p are noting]', 'not the best wording used here.', 'robert cop 2: the furniture of law enforcement.', 'molokini crater, maui, hawaii...gorgeous. i want to go diving and snorkeling there so bad.', "personally, i'd be afraid of the team from lee kuan yew-nited but not as stressed about facing the woodlands worriers...feel free to add your own new s.league team names below...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: new s-league teams", 'this china fella nose more than we think he does...full story here: ', 'this is an emoticon for mooning someone, right? ', "blackberry mustn't be allowed to die! the entire nation of indonesia depends on it for communication! how how how?!", "m'sia pm najib thought he metk zuckerberg of twitter. everyone knows zuckerberg is ceo of funbook!", 'old days: your phone is bigger than your hand! you must be a very rich businessman!..then: your stylo phone is so thin & small!..now: why your phone not bigger than your hand?', 'q: what did jay-z call his girlfriend before the two of them got married?..a: feyonc..', 'i probably need new glasses. i keep seeing lao ban bean curd as lao lan bean curd.', 'this morning on twitter:.. 0_o such heavy rain and poor visibility. remember to turn on your headlights n drive carefully...me: "why got googly eyes one?"..  outside blur blur, v difficult to see...------..nice to know the lta has a sense of humor.', 'this is goal...[via ', 'seen on twitter:.."finally looked up wrecking ball on youtube and for the first 1:17, i was so confused thinking why\'s there a skinny man in the mv."', "lion down..if you know the source, lemme know and i will credit the creator (the watermark wasn't blurred by me). thanks!..[via every day party]", 'darn cats.', 'solve this primary one maths question without algebra. ready, get set, go!', 'aaaaaaand someone does the  poster teh internets is very fast one...[via ', 'taxi in a  moment at ntus blk s4, spotted this morning at 11.30am..." do not worry, i drive you to the doorstep."..[photo by ', 'the life of pi: no budget edition', 'pro tip:  do not sleep in your car and you  will not get robbed in your car...[photo via ', 'myanmar\'s suu kyi: "soldiers shouldn\'t be in govt"...good point! singapore also  do not have! oh wait', 'if you thought  traffic was the worst, the monday-after-f1 traffic proves you wrong.', 'my wife, watching  on tv just now, "hey, isn\'t that miyagi?"', 'apple blocks non-apple lightning cables from working with ....', 'you know, the  cars can really save some serious money if they carpool. just throwing that idea out there...', 'what do we want! speed!', 'sometimes, when i am out and about, i leave my earphones on, with no music...be i find life too noisy.', 'so for  practice laps, do the  cars go around the circuit just saying, "vroom vroom vroom"?..practice only mah.', "why only have a few coe categories? whack more lah!..mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: let's have some new coe categories!", 'her whole series also very funny. go watch them all...youtube.com.how to act indonesian (5 tips)', " is sandra bullock's best performance so far...i felt like i was in space with her, and grabbed my seat every time she had to grab something to save herself. watch in imax 3d!", 'you know  it is true...sing with me! y-m-c-a!', ' ten baby animal cuties for your mid-week enjoyment. take a break. take a cute break...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: ten baby animal cuties for your mid-week enjoyment', "awesomeness: strap a gopro camera to a frikkin' eagle and see its point of view...some thoughts:..a) france is beautiful from up there..b) eagles kick ass..c) how did they get the camera back?..via ", 'why  can not the apple and android camps stop the fighting and the hating, and get together to laugh at windows mobile together?', 'woah. i have both!..english whirled wide. at 23:52 ..submitted by graeme meek', 'aiyoh! jem mall first floor ceiling just collapsed! hope no one is seriously hurt!..[photo via ', 'try this primary 6 science question and you are likely to get it wrong. find out what happened...mrbrown.com: got english english and "scientific" english one meh?', 'dear youtube,..a) please bring back the annotations button, and..b) why does it take more clicks to change resolution now?', 'tuition you need to have...soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: the best tuition you can get', 'abc news reporter, siobhan riley, gives us the traffic news..(re-uploaded because of audio sync issues. we have standards here, you know.)..via ', 'you  do not need to know thai to get this commercial...youtube.com.youtube', 'syrian rebel uses ipad accelerometer to aim homemade mortar. via  there is an ipad mortar app too.', 'i think batman bin suparman has a new challenger in the cool name department.', 'indranee rajah: singapores education system is run on the basis that tuition is not necessary...what is she smoking? she should stop....mps call for closer look at private tuition industry', 'you mean i have been eating the wrong food for my race all this time?!..[via new nation  via zee khan.]', "if  took place in singapore, every time you stole a car, you'd get beaten to death because cars are very eensive here.", 'tissue chope-ing is so last year...also, free phones here.....[photo by ', 'gum dong liu lei sia, this thai commercial...[via ]', 'and then there are the well-meaning supporters of  who need a geography lesson...miss new york is not that kind of indian lah.', 'beware of too-cheap-to-be-true portable powerbanks!..', 'this is me on my iphone these days too... ', 'headline: "scdf can now control tv broadcasts in emergency."..this may actually result in better tv programming.', 'happy 90th birthday to ah gong!', 'singaporeans probably have some of these british traits left over from our colonial days....30 very british problems', 'applies to singapore too...static1.killeraces.com.', 'the s in iphone 5s stands for siri still  does not get singaporeans.', "'murica!..[via reddit and  ]..like mrbrown's page at ", '1990s way of taking a selfie. high tech, sia...[via  from reddit]', 'if the scdf needs any extra speakers to boost the reach of the emergency siren system, they can borrow my kids...they already know how to make the siren sounds...in my car...at my ears.', "errrrr..curbed.com.seoul's new tower seems familiar, and not in a good way", 'tempting.', 'question: how come landed property dwellers can park their cars for free on the public streets in front of their homes while the hdb folks pay for parking?', 'we are now a deep space race!...mrbrown.com: voyager 1 has left the building', 'one bozo... would not all it takes to hold up the entire right side of an mrt escalator during rush hour.', 'yay:  it is friday!..nay:  it is friday the 13th!', "no wonder nobody apply...[via ]..like mrbrown's page at ", ' sri vadapathira kaliamman temple silver chariot procession at my estate....mrbrown.com: silver chariot procession', 'i guess we now know that the c in iphone 5c  does not stand for cheap but for costly.', 'get to the choppah!..youtube.com.darth vader voiced by schwarzenegger', "from a friend, via malaysian danny choo (not the japan one)...in other news, 2 out of 3 of malaysian's 70,000 english teachers were tested and found not proficient in english:....like mrbrown's page at ", 'truth...theoatmeal.com.what  it is like to play online games as a grownup - the oatmeal', 'kim huat weighs in on the new apple offering...youtube.com.the mrbrown show: kim huat on the iphone 5s', 'the  : now you can take slow-motion videos of your food before eating it.', 'update: this may be a hoax.  (i blame kimmel. how can we trust viral videos on the internet ever again?!)..jason mortensen woke up from surgery with post-op amnesia, which happens because general antesthetic puts your brain to sleep, and the parts  do not wake up all at the same time...this was his sweet reaction when he sees his wife for the first time, all over again. and in case you are wondering, this is what his wife, candice, looks like:....via ', 'apple: our iphone 5s comes in gold...ah bengs rejoice.', 'what happens when you want to use the bus app but you left the office before the icloud restore was complete.', 'via :.."last thanksgiving, cerniello traveled to his friend danielles family reunion and with still photographer keith sirchio shot portraits of her youngest cousins through to her oldest relatives with a hasselblad medium format camera. then began the process of scanning each photo with a drum scanner at the u.n. in new york, at which point he carefully edited the photos to select the family members that had the most similar bone structure. next he brought on animators nathan meier and edmund earle who worked in after effects and 3d studio max to morph and animate the still photos to make them lifelike as possible. finally, nuke (a kind of 3d visual effects software) artist george cuddy was brought on to smooth out some small details like the eyes and hair."..watch the video from beginning to end (preferably at full-screen) and be fascinated and yet probably a little depressed...vimeo.com.danielle', 'when you use an iphone as much as i do, full charge is when the external battery pack is 100%. low batt is when the iphone battery is 100%...i\'d be like, "quick, find me a wall socket! my iphone only left 100% battery!"', 'what if one direction  did not have teeth or eyebrows...[via  and reddit]', 'at least miley cyrus  did not spend a lot of money on clothes for her wrecking ball music video. that has to be some cost savings there.', 'having worked with brits, this is pretty accurate.', "this sucks...elke the global guide dog. at 02:22 ..continuation to the diary of a guide dog..i am sitting here, sucking my toe and thinking to myself how i can make the nea legislation and the msf card more effective. many people appear not to care two hoots about both nor the basic human respect towards another human being who is a paying customer and who also happens to suffer a visual impairment...this is especially disheartening for me as my adopted country had just recently celebrated the achievements of blind phd holders but yet the people on the ground appear not to be ready to accept the blind community in all its shapes and size...it is so frustrating for me a bona fide guide dog who was scientifically bred, went through two years of vigorous training and who holds a photo id which is supported by the ministry of social and family development . there is no respect for the countless kind hearted people that made me possible for people like mama...on , i guided mama and a few blind friends to the haagen-dazs outlet at holland village at about 6.35pm. this is what i heard after guiding mama inside the door...hv staff: would you like a table inside or not?.mama: inside please..hv staff: but mdm, no pets. can you leave the dog outside?.mama: i am blind, and this is my guide dog that guides me around..hv staff: wait, i call my manager..lady manager standing at the door not talking, facing away from mama.mama: are you the manager? please take a look at this legislation from nea, excluding guide dogs from the no pets policy to the public environmental health act. this is also a card with msf's support allowing guide dogs into all public spaces..lady manager: no pets, mdm..mama: this is not a pet as i have elained,  it is my guide dog, and i need it as i am blind..lady manager : i only the assistant manager..mama: where is your manager?. gentlemen clearing throat: i am the manager!.mama: yes, as i was telling both your staff, i am blind and this is my guide dog. please take a look at this legislation from nea excluding guide dogs from the no pets policy to the public environmental health act. this is also a card with msf's support allowing guide dogs into all public places..male manager : no pets, mdm..mama: are you saying you would not allow my guide dog and i to sit inside haagen dazs?.male manager: no mdm, not you, just the dog..mama: what about the white canes of my friends, do they need to be parked outside as well?.male manager: mdm, my company policy is no pets. please understand..mama: as i have said before, this is not a pet! it is a working dog for a blind person..male manager: mdm, my company policy is no pets. please understand..mama: all right. in that case, i am happy to take my business elsewhere..mama standing outside the store facebooking about the rejection..male manager stepping outside the store: mdm, i never say cannot, you never gave me a chance to read the paper..mama: i showed it both to you and the lady manager, and i have been holding it in my hands all the 10 minutes in the store. why are you only concern now that i am facebooking?.male manager: but  it is sunday and my head office is closed!.mama:  it is all right, because on sundays blind people also  do not need to eat ice-cream. we will go elsewhere...disclaimer:.these are some musings of a very clever 4 legged being, and by no means am i questioning the good intentions of any entities or the happenings mentioned in this journal entry.", "continuation to the diary of a guide dog..i am sitting here, sucking my toe and thinking to myself how i can make the nea legislation and the msf card more effective. many people appear not to care two hoots about both nor the basic human respect towards another human being who is a paying customer and who also happens to suffer a visual impairment...this is especially disheartening for me as my adopted country had just recently celebrated the achievements of blind phd holders but yet the people on the ground appear not to be ready to accept the blind community in all its shapes and size...it is so frustrating for me a bona fide guide dog who was scientifically bred, went through two years of vigorous training and who holds a photo id which is supported by the ministry of social and family development . there is no respect for the countless kind hearted people that made me possible for people like mama...on , i guided mama and a few blind friends to the haagen-dazs outlet at holland village at about 6.35pm. this is what i heard after guiding mama inside the door...hv staff: would you like a table inside or not?.mama: inside please..hv staff: but mdm, no pets. can you leave the dog outside?.mama: i am blind, and this is my guide dog that guides me around..hv staff: wait, i call my manager..lady manager standing at the door not talking, facing away from mama.mama: are you the manager? please take a look at this legislation from nea, excluding guide dogs from the no pets policy to the public environmental health act. this is also a card with msf's support allowing guide dogs into all public spaces..lady manager: no pets, mdm..mama: this is not a pet as i have elained,  it is my guide dog, and i need it as i am blind..lady manager : i only the assistant manager..mama: where is your manager?. gentlemen clearing throat: i am the manager!.mama: yes, as i was telling both your staff, i am blind and this is my guide dog. please take a look at this legislation from nea excluding guide dogs from the no pets policy to the public environmental health act. this is also a card with msf's support allowing guide dogs into all public places..male manager : no pets, mdm..mama: are you saying you would not allow my guide dog and i to sit inside haagen dazs?.male manager: no mdm, not you, just the dog..mama: what about the white canes of my friends, do they need to be parked outside as well?.male manager: mdm, my company policy is no pets. please understand..mama: as i have said before, this is not a pet! it is a working dog for a blind person..male manager: mdm, my company policy is no pets. please understand..mama: all right. in that case, i am happy to take my business elsewhere..mama standing outside the store facebooking about the rejection..male manager stepping outside the store: mdm, i never say cannot, you never gave me a chance to read the paper..mama: i showed it both to you and the lady manager, and i have been holding it in my hands all the 10 minutes in the store. why are you only concern now that i am facebooking?.male manager: but  it is sunday and my head office is closed!.mama:  it is all right, because on sundays blind people also  do not need to eat ice-cream. we will go elsewhere...disclaimer:.these are some musings of a very clever 4 legged being, and by no means am i questioning the good intentions of any entities or the happenings mentioned in this journal entry.", "when you get a shorter-than-usual mcdonald's ice-cream cone ", 'now you know...youtu.be.super bowl tips: how to eat a chicken wing!', 'mysteries of the universe.', 'yes please.', 'another colorblindness test to try...opticien-lentilles.com.color blindness test (free and complete) by jean jouannic optician', 'colorblind or not? or partially? test test here!..huffingtonpost.com.what kind of colorblind are you?', 'punctuation matters.', 'hugh jackman for aussie pm! he will fight for a good claws!', 'looks like an mrt line, sia.', 'i like to stand at the front of the train and watch the mrt tunnel move by and pretend i am a viper mk ii launching from the battlestar galactica...doob doob doob doob', 'this is progress... [photo credit: bruce wee]', 'update: kimmel trolled us all.  this is why we cannot have nice things on the internet... do not try this at home, kids.', "another interesting story from yesterday's floods...at acs in dover, not far from fairfield, some of the boys whose classroom faced the carpark noticed floodwaters overflowing from the drain in background into the car park. most of the cars belonged to the teachers, and the alert was sounded...an announcement was made over the pa system for teachers to move their cars, and the students all chipped in to push the cars, especially those that couldn't be started...students and teachers working together, well done!", 'oddly mesmerizing music video from norway that dares to ask that burning question..youtu.be.ylvis - the fox [official music video hd]', 'if singapore had the underground hdb flats that khaw talked about, today half of us drowned already...', 'sent by  "nus got whale shark leh?"..wah, nus so biodiversity ah!..or some news person anyhowly linked the photos in this news report from the straits times app.', 'die already also must inform.', ' whipping out my favorite raincoat today...mrbrown.com.mrbrown.com: a raincoat day', 'sandra bullock in the upcoming movie, gravity. looks intense. (video courtesy of warner bros. singapore)', 'this video was taken at commonwealth today, app are notly.  would not some serious ponding.', 'ana newspaper a singapore to tokyo from big print $300..small print (+$410 in applicable taxes and fuel charges)...kanasai lah, ana.', 'in my day, we would have taken off our shoes, hung them around our necks, and waded through the waters for the lolz...fun times...[photo credit: andrew ki]', 'singapore today got many cars became submarine hor. or duck tours.', "this was a pretty funny stunt by lg (and no, this wasn't a paid post, just a viral video to share).", 'i heard you like android. have a break...youtube.com.android kitkat 4.4 -- the future of confectionery', '"i am ahmed bello, a banker. it may interest you to know that after much inquiry about your humble self, i wish to solicit your consent before we share ideas together that will add more value to you and me. kindly give your consent by replying to this mail to enable me introduce my self properly. i look forward to your reply. yours truly, ahmed bello"..wow, i am gonna be rich! rich, i tell you!', 'finnish humour..mikepohjola.wordpress.com.dear mr nokia!', 'dear facebook, please stop making my number  into a smiley...8 ) aaaaargh!', "just when you thought ryan reynolds couldn't do a worse movie than green lantern,  came along...felt ripd off. give me my time back.", '""they bite because they\'re hungry, and testicles sit nicely in their mouth," he elained..."and its mouth is not so big, so of course it normally eats nuts, fruit, and small fish, but human testicles are just a natural target," he added."..wince and shudder..telegraph.co.uk.testicle munching fish now found in river seine in paris - telegraph', 'we want a slower pace of life but we complain when the bus takes 20 minutes to arrive.', 'after seeing gorgeous big screens like the one on the sony xperia ultra z, the s in the iphone 5s may stand for small.', 'wow, helen mirren!..sobadsogood.com.25 celebrities when they were young', ' "are you kidding me? next bus in 18 minutes?!"..part of the $1-billion bus service eansion programme improvement?', 'shanmugam: can call minister stupid fool but cannot call say he corrupt......criticise a minister but  do not sling mu shanmugam', 'good thing it was microsoft that bought nokia. if it was samsung, it would be renamed samsengkia.', 'so the movie the purge is not about someone laosai ah?', 'my phat new kicks, yo...(ok, end of swag-speak.)', 'and i am sharing this for you to view on your phone..youtube.com.i forgot my phone', 'soundcloud.com.the mrbrown show: the new pe lesson', 'st preempts the coming blockbuster, skarknado', 'usa eh limpeh...[hat tip ', 'the logo of the production company is seen here in kick-ass 2. can you see it? i  can not.', 'my review of the singapore night festival:..it was pretty dark', "happy real teachers' day to all teachers!", 'a beautiful morning to you all.', 'auditioning the new entry-level earphone model from the premium  x series - the x4i... it is a big jump from the s4i. powered by a single balanced armature, the x4i sound is smooth and decent even when used with low-powered devices like iphones. with an amp, it sounds even better... it is bassier than the x7i but the x7i has superior clarity and mid-range...whereas the x7i has a white ceramic body, the x4i is made from milled aluminum. both have the tangle-resistant flat cabling...the x4i is a very good pair of earphones for general music though for my own personal taste, i still prefer the x7i for clarity...(photo from a japanese watch site, impress watch)', 'me: "why are you kids watching a dvd? isn\'t it okto at the movies on friday night?"..joy: "okto moved it to monday. they even said sarcastic voice \'now you  do not have to wait all week to catch it!\'"..me: "but monday night is a school night. kids have to do their tuesday homework and go to bed earlier. isn\'t the original friday slot a better time?"..joy: "ya lor! flicks hand so stupid, right?"..even a 7-year-old knows television time-slot strategy better than mediacorp.', '"tell us were located in china."..matadornetwork.com.how to piss off a singaporean', 'if 96% are really moving in, we  would not need this campaign already, right?', 'dropped off my ipad mini at the apple service centre and walked through funan.  did not buy a single thing. only slight nosebleed.', 'now we can have gifs on fb. yeaaaaah...giphy.com.cool animated gifs - search gifs with giphy', 'no comment...mothership.sg.6 suspects most likely to be rockson tan', 'warning: contains strong  language... it is namewee, what did you eect?..youtube.com.  -  learn  can notonese by namewee feat. vienna lin [asia most wanted ] ', 'this is one funny chinese scientist...youtube.com.c-span: joe wong at rtca dinner', 'ah long greetings...(via yanpeng and his friends)', 'we use  toilet rolls in our house.  do not judge me...(they were on sale.)', 'as one of the biggest users of air-conditioning, the internal security dept  should also issue aircon ratings:.."the mitsubishi electric inverter was quiet yet cold. and the confessions came faster. simpurr!"', 'wah so fast got issue two liao...gaylifestylesg.tumblr.com.', 'rockson returns from hiatus...rockson.blogspot.com.au.talk rock: rockson love serina swee!!!', "touching...zenpencils.com.bill watterson: a cartoonist's advice", 'the japanese are epic pranksters...youtube.com.  2', "we used to say tv shows are too long, let's watch 3-minute youtube videos instead. now we think 3-minute youtube videos are long, let's watch 12-sec vines instead.", 'wah inside got photo of miyagi leh! and yes. i paid money to watch an ns movie i was in...lionraw.com.12 signs you have served your national service in singapore', "we're the millers was surprisingly good & funny. sudeikis & aniston were firing on all cylinders. i actually like this more than the hangover.", 'new malaysian tourism ideas:..malaysia: endless crime, endless adventure', 'strangely prophetic piece from the onion in 2008...youtube.com.sources warn miley cyrus will be depleted by 2013', 'be careful when getting into your car in malaysia, folks. look around first. take nothing for granted...community alert. at 15:12 ..carjacked near tropicana.25/8/13..posted by leeyiung chou..after putting a ten-dollar bill into my wallet, i grabbed my groceries and walked towards my car. it was a sunday afternoon (to be exact,, around 1pm), shoppers from the neighbourhood gather here to run their weekly errands. the popularity of the grocery store (initials: jg, near tropicana golf club) could be seen from the number of cars parked in front of it. some customers including me had to leave our cars by the curb below the slope because the designated parking lots were occupied...i opened the passenger\'s car door and before i could chuck anything into the car, someone held both of my arms. i immediately turned around and asked " buat apa?" or what do you want. it was a fairly plump malay fellow in his 30s who asked me to pay him money. "for what?" i asked. another male, indian, dressed up smartly with a white long sleeved shirt and a pair of black pants came walking towards us while holding a walkie talkie. he said "you parking sini perlu bayar!" if you parked your car here, you have to pay us. it did not make any sense to me because every other time i parked my car there, i never had to pay any money to anyone and the malay fellow was still grabbing my arm. and then i had the notion that he was trying to push me into the car...within a split second of thought, i shouted help repeatedly at the top of my lungs. it was the freakiest moment of my life. while resisting and doing anything i could to stop them from pushing me into the car including punching the fat guy in front of me, one of them grabbed my neck. while the fight was going on, i heard people shouting and cars honking (thanks people!). before the other shoppers could run over and help, the robbers cum potential kidnappers snatched the car key, pushed me away and quickly hopped into the car. and then i saw one of them ignited the engine. subconsciously, i thought i should stop them from getting away and so i got hold of the car door firmly and prayed that someone could do something, anything. but it was just a meager effort. three big-sized fellows escaped with my car...it was a great relief that i was not abducted and that i only got bruises and no major injuries. before they got away, i noticed there was a light green colored car that was parked right behind my car which disappeared after the whole episode of car snatching incident. i also noticed that this gang of people did not even bother to cover their face.  it is either because they did not want to raise any suspicions or they did not eect me to have escaped the attempted kidnapping. it was a well planned out, near perfect activity!..after this incident, i realized that you are on your own when things like this happen to you, many people would just stand there and stare, only a few good samaritans would actually help you even if they do not know you. before you approach your car, remember to look around and be alert of any suspicious people lurking around. things like this can happen anywhere, anytime of the day and to anyone.  it is very important to stay calm and come up with the best solution using the resources around you. and most importantly, learn some self defense arts, trust me, your limbs could be your only weapons in this kind of situations.', 'carjacked near tropicana.25/8/13..posted by leeyiung chou..after putting a ten-dollar bill into my wallet, i grabbed my groceries and walked towards my car. it was a sunday afternoon (to be exact,, around 1pm), shoppers from the neighbourhood gather here to run their weekly errands. the popularity of the grocery store (initials: jg, near tropicana golf club) could be seen from the number of cars parked in front of it. some customers including me had to leave our cars by the curb below the slope because the designated parking lots were occupied...i opened the passenger\'s car door and before i could chuck anything into the car, someone held both of my arms. i immediately turned around and asked " buat apa?" or what do you want. it was a fairly plump malay fellow in his 30s who asked me to pay him money. "for what?" i asked. another male, indian, dressed up smartly with a white long sleeved shirt and a pair of black pants came walking towards us while holding a walkie talkie. he said "you parking sini perlu bayar!" if you parked your car here, you have to pay us. it did not make any sense to me because every other time i parked my car there, i never had to pay any money to anyone and the malay fellow was still grabbing my arm. and then i had the notion that he was trying to push me into the car...within a split second of thought, i shouted help repeatedly at the top of my lungs. it was the freakiest moment of my life. while resisting and doing anything i could to stop them from pushing me into the car including punching the fat guy in front of me, one of them grabbed my neck. while the fight was going on, i heard people shouting and cars honking (thanks people!). before the other shoppers could run over and help, the robbers cum potential kidnappers snatched the car key, pushed me away and quickly hopped into the car. and then i saw one of them ignited the engine. subconsciously, i thought i should stop them from getting away and so i got hold of the car door firmly and prayed that someone could do something, anything. but it was just a meager effort. three big-sized fellows escaped with my car...it was a great relief that i was not abducted and that i only got bruises and no major injuries. before they got away, i noticed there was a light green colored car that was parked right behind my car which disappeared after the whole episode of car snatching incident. i also noticed that this gang of people did not even bother to cover their face.  it is either because they did not want to raise any suspicions or they did not eect me to have escaped the attempted kidnapping. it was a well planned out, near perfect activity!..after this incident, i realized that you are on your own when things like this happen to you, many people would just stand there and stare, only a few good samaritans would actually help you even if they do not know you. before you approach your car, remember to look around and be alert of any suspicious people lurking around. things like this can happen anywhere, anytime of the day and to anyone.  it is very important to stay calm and come up with the best solution using the resources around you. and most importantly, learn some self defense arts, trust me, your limbs could be your only weapons in this kind of situations.', 'after her  performance, i hear disney may start a new series around miley cyrus called "hannah moantana"...so many childhoods ruined today, sial.', 'kristen chenoweth had a pleasant surprise when the lady she randomly picked from the audience sang the duet with her.....youtu.be.for good - kristin chenoweth and sarah horn - hollywood bowl', 'today some tiko uncles may be very disappointed when they go down to the history channel pawn stars event at the star vista.', 'friend\'s gf: "your bro went to watch metal-licka yesterday?"..well they are known for some legendary licks.', "ben affleck as batman it can go either way...[images via george takei's fb, dragonfiretwistedwire tumblr and superheromovies fb]", 'what the report  did not tell you was that the one million cockroaches are now enhanced with chinese medicine, possess superior intelligence and are planning to take over the world...shanghaiist.com.one million cockroaches escape from farm in jiangsu', 'when you are younger, you want more abs. when you are older, you settle for less chins.', 'i liked the kia hamsters more when they were cute and fat though. skinny hamsters just look creepy...youtu.be.2014 kia soul hamster commercial (lady gaga "applause" official song)', 'me, shouting at my kids pressing the doorbell for fun:.."oi!  do not keep pressing my ding dong ah! waste my ding dong battery then you know!"', 'and in singapore, anyone who disagrees with an establishment view is called a netizen...ministry of education, singapore. at 12:00 ..fun with english: do we say singapore citizen or singaporean citizen? ..the correct term is singapore citizen. this is really a matter of convention. with some countries you use the noun and some you use an adjective form...hence you get american citizen, british citizen, and australian citizen. and you get singapore citizen, brunei citizen, and hong kong citizen...did you find this useful? share this with your friends!..(source: speak good english movement)', 'fun with english: do we say singapore citizen or singaporean citizen? ..the correct term is singapore citizen. this is really a matter of convention. with some countries you use the noun and some you use an adjective form...hence you get american citizen, british citizen, and australian citizen. and you get singapore citizen, brunei citizen, and hong kong citizen...did you find this useful? share this with your friends!..(source: speak good english movement)', 'woah, i made mashable for one of my  tweets...mashable.com.15 suggestions for a better batman than ben affleck', "if a fast food restaurant's air-conditioning isn't cold enough, i leave for some place else...also if queue too long...no food is nice enough to make me queue. except maybe tai wah bak chor mee (and even then i can only bear their off-peak queue times).", 'never celebrate too early in sports, even if you have 0.6 seconds left on the clock...youtube.com.why you should never celebrate too soon', 'every year for the last eight years, izwan has been catching a chinese movie on a particular day, to remember his best friend, zul, who passed away in a motorcycle accident at the tender age of 21. this year, he watched ..a touching testimony to friendship...youtube.com.a motovlog. the forever 21.', 'buddy: you can such a hater sometimes, brown...me: its not hating if youre right.', 'announcement heard by a friend at the plain english speaking awards: "this is urgent, <person\'s name> from <name of school>, please report to the door!"..i guess the door really wanted to see the person right away...', 'even swee say would have made a ..cheaper, better and faster too.', 'ben affleck to play older batman fighting younger superman in the coming batman vs superman movie...suddenly, keaton seems like a great batman...', "good morning, homies! what's for breakfast?..i am hankering for some fishball mee!", 'i come back from the food stall with two forks instead of a fork and a spoon...frien "secret shopitem."..(you bought the wrong item at secret shop liao)..too much ', 'the smrt bus slogan should be:.."smrt: we  do not know when the heck our buses will arrive."', 'after the national day rally announcements, i am waiting for tuition centres to offer character tuition classes..."we guaranteed your child will be a in character!".."your child character is lousy?  do not worry! we will make him more better because every child can be a character!".."i have character, so can you!"..', "stood at my corridor for a full minute just enjoying the cool wind blowing in. almost felt like another country's climate.", " .. iq..youtu.be. zou guo nian shao  from movie '' 'that girl in pinafore'", 'wife is streaming the  soundtrack from her phone to the room  speaker...still basking in the memories of our youth', 'seen on some malaysian fb page.', 'got peesai gif. win...mothership.sg.optimist vs cynic: how do they size up the national day rally 2013', 'bow before baey yam keng, king of selfies!..baey yam keng . at 16:18 ..now that i post this photo of me working in my branch office today, will people think that i do this all the time? ', 'latest video from my youtube. testing testing only...youtube.com.ngiao things i do', 'i finally got round to creating a facebook page for myself. i will post updates from my blog, twitter, youtube and whatever online properties i have here for you facebook folks. so do like the page, ok?']