i am not from tjc but to that girl studying with her friend at pasir ris recreation centre. you are really cute , but i  did not dare to get to know you . hope to see you around there .-the guy that borrow a pen from you -.
i know you like me but i am sorry i do not reciprocate. and i am such a chicken so please just  do not ask me or confess to me! i like the friendship we have now. i  do not want something to come inbetween us!
bertha lim from cg 11/13 is so cute!! can i have your number please?.-secret admirer 
argh tried so hard, yet i still flunked my h2 chem and math. anyone else with a similar situation as me?  im depressedddd.
omg! mr ashraf is so hot! 
there is this guy, i really shouldn't but i fell for him..he is a good friend and we met here in tj. he has the most beautiful smile that i have ever seen. when he talks real fast i can see his eyelashes trembling and his eyes sparkle with passion..unfortunately we will never be..he's got his own wonderful and enjoyable life besides the part we share. he's got his own best friends to share the same smile with - but what he  does not know, and may never find out is that: he is the centre of my life and i  would not have a life if not for him..i really want to stand in front of him and say out loud all these things that i have been trying to tell him through actions, ambiguous hints or anything i deem possible. obviously we are either tuned to different frequencies or he had noticed but chose to not talk about it..i am suffering, every day every second. seeing the 'last seen' time stamp on his whatsapp is like the hardest time for me - no, he's not gonna talk to me..i guess everyone would have times like this when unrequited love haunts you like a ghost. i just really wish that one day he would turn and see me tracing his steps and treasuring him unconditionally - even then i doubt that my dream will ever come true, 'cos you know, fairy tales are only for the lucky and i am pretty sure that i have used up all my luck when i get to have you in my life..i wish you well and i love you...from the girl who is always beside you..
to the girl who used to take bus from siglap south cc toward tjc around 715am, you are cute!. hope you get to know you
i love antrusha leow's 
the guys floorball team has a cute captain! anyone knows his name..?
got this tjc girl who take bus opposite of siglap south cc at around 715 in the morning and i pretty sure she is year 1. she look cute. friend maybe?..from..anonymous
to the girl with a grey bag and black nike track shoes, you're cute.
hi everyone!..i am not from tjc but i wish to apply for dsa via taekwondo. i am currently a secondary 4 student...i was just wondering, what will the trials test me on? it seems that tjc does not take sparring into consideration (which is a pity) and only have poomsae trials. i heard that the coach there will test me on yellow pattern all the way to koryo poomsae. will i also be required to do kumgang since i am a poom 3? i plead you, anyone who is eerienced in this area, please please please help me! .
i find tjc guys quite hot 
tjc was once so poor that they had to 'sell' trees in the college compound.... 
just wondering but y r thr so mny couples in ip cohort one? it really juz pis me of. tag couple u noe here cn oso right? let everyone see hu ey r. cheer 4 em 
do not fear the a levels. let the damn a levels fear you!..-mr. a345 (:
there's this dude that flings his nose shit everywhere he goes in school. i heard he wipes them on tables too
i think that alot of tj guys are too harry
if a random guy and girl establish eye contact, how long does it have to last for the guy to have a chance? ..admin: that depends on what he wants to do, ask for the time? lol
lo ji m here.........shreyas bhutda..admin: lol hi
legendary free foolscap at your school gate tomorrow!!!!  do not be late for school!!
i liked ice queen tan when i was 17. i might have gone on to date others since then, but i have only fully gotten over her this year. i am 31 this year. 
guys, i am sick of this. i am almost 20 and  have not been able to score a better job than a ing cook at a local fast food joint. what makes it worse is that i live in a small town so business is pretty limited, and where i work is the only place that will hire high school graduates. i'd get the hell out of this town if i could actually drive too, but i have failed every damn test i have ever taken. i am socially awkward, even my only other co-worker hates my guts. i have repressed lust for one of my best friends too; she's athletic, smart and a gorgeous southern bell. i love her. you know what  it is like; i have been friend zoned real hard. she's my only real friend, besides this one kid, who i am pretty sure is only hanging around me because he is mentally challenged. i guess he's the only one that can tolerate me. and what makes this all ing worse is that i live in a pineapple under the sea.
actually, some lady teachers in tj are quite hot. i  can not concentrate in class. 
yo liwen! hahaha miss you! let's go out sometime soon!..sincerely, tx lol 
all i can say is, the new school badge and crest are damn ugly. it looks so bloated. can we change back to the old one?
dear malay security guard.i can take your shit when you get all sarcarstic when i come late. i also can swallow it when you get intrusive by asking unnecessary and personal things. but when you mock my results, you have crossed the line. please know your limits. for the sake of tjc and well-being of her students, keep your nose in your own affairs, at the very least.
tjc really gave me a memory i will never forget. for without tj, i  will not have known you. i feel really dumb for even wanting to go vjc when i just entered, i felt the orientation was kinda lame but knew i enjoyed it at the end. and  it is through that that i had the chance to become friends with you. i  will not forget the days we plan to go toilet together since we're from different classes, den meet at the toilet and sit down for a little chat. those chats may not have been long, but now when you think back, i think  it is one of the best conversations you can ever have in your life. we got together eventually, i  will not forget the days we spent figuring out where to go to have some privacy, the days we spent playing table soccer when the machine was still working and got angry at whoever who stole the miniature soccer balls. i remember the days we spent at a little secret corner in school, and the day my lips touched yours. should have known then, what i know now, that you were too precious to lose. i told myself to treasure you, thus never went out with other girls. honestly,  it is because all i ever wanted to be with was you. soon, almost all the places we had been there. we studied at changi airport t1, t2 and t3, went simei east point, tampines mall, century square, tampines one, bedok macs. and bedok point was built in the midst of our relationship and of course i  will not forget the time we have spent looking through pet lovers centre for my pet. i do remember telling my pet that his treats were bought by a very special girl who may become my laopo next time! studied really hard for as, you were my source of energy. had been praying for as to end so we can be together, den realised when as ended, we also almost ended. i  do not know what kept your heart with mine, but for me, i always remind myself of why we took the first step together, and this never once forgot to remind me how much i love you. your smile, your cute actions, your smell, your blur decisions. inevitably we had to part because i had to go ns and you had your own university life. you were all i had, but i wasn't all you had. you understood alot of things about me, and i just had to smile or frown and you will get everything. ns wasn't the reason why you left, and i  did not realise the degree of mistake i made to you that night. when you left and turned back to look at me, i thought you  were not angry anymore, lest i know  it is because  it is the last time you wanted to look at me again. the way you saw my weaknesses as strengths, my mistakes as chances to improve were gone, and it ain't your fault. i just wished we lasted longer. asked you out for one last meal but you turned me down, i guess  it is really over and i should not pester you anymore....i wrote this not to seek your forgiveness, but to confess i had not been a good other half for you. i wrote this not to rant about my love life, but to tell my fellow juniors that never ever think differently about the girl with you, always remember why you and her took out your first step, and never do stupid things you know will hurt her... will not ever forget you.
haiyah! 1d and their silly jackets cause they are already united! wot shit is this? 1e is already united without those  jackets...
hi,..just want to post a note for j3s and the current jc students. a levels results is not everything. if you  did not do well  it is okay. i am a year3 student in nus. my 4as during the a levels opened up a lot of scholarship opportunities for me. i eventually took up the nus scholarship because there wasn't any bond to it...i just want to let tjcians know that a level results provide a platform for scholarship holders, but do not think its everything. i  did not do well in school at first as compared to people who had poorer results than me. everyone in uni starts anew, on a brand new page. it  does not matter how many as you have, honestly no one asks anyone about it...also, to people who intend to hold a scholarship with a bond, make sure you're passionate enough to serve the bond in the future. my friend took up the moe bond because she  did not know what she wanted in life. she broke the bond in the end and had to pay a hefty sum of $65k...having said all these, i hope you juniors will know what to do in the future. (: 
i am not looking forward to jc because i  can not wear colourful bras anymore
just a kindly reminder.all the students council nominees, please do take note that we are electing the leaders not the singers or dancers!!!!!!!! stop bullshitting ..reminder.all.
i am a graduated student from tj and i have to say our go's service standard is still equally bad (or worse) since my days as a student there. what's worse, they actually hired this pms woman who talks to you with such rude voice you feel like strangling her with the telephone wire...all we asked for is our sgc is that so hard to get? do you love us so much such that you wanna keep our sgc to yourself? oh god. we talk to you in such polite tone and you attitude us. you are such a turn off. 
i crashed tjc during pae(in year 2008 when this still exists). i reached late and was caught by the security guard for being late for school. i am not going to tell the full story but in the end,i  did not get caught for being late or crashing the school.i still attended lectures for the fun of education and eventually walking out of the school gates telling the security guard a good bye. ..i really love tj culture even though i  did not get to study there. i hope this confession  will not cause any trouble to the security guard. we  did not mean any harm too...to the other 2 guys who went with me,cheers! and to those who are still studying,appreciate your time and friends...wsj
umm...what does tjc stand for??  sorry i am a student from northlight school, just wondering...
i am an ex-tj student back then, and honestly, i have never really enjoyed it at all. (okay given that i was a darn slacker back then, and always had run-in with teachers, especially mr tong, eeks) nearly  did not make it for promotion from j1 to j2. more or less, i was seen as a goner, an exception to what tjc normally produce. got into nus with cca record , and guess what? i am a first-class honors student now with straight a's in nus...moral of the story:  do not ever give up. it seems bleak at times, and it definitely hurts when people around have given up on you. but you gotta pick yourself up and keep moving.  do not stop. when you stop, everything ends there and then. to those who are doing very well, please help out your fellow struggling tj classmates. to those who are not faring well, remember, someone similar to you managed to taste success, why not you right?
theres this really cute and funny j2 senior from tkd!
i found a road to get out of school few days ago but trampled onto a red ants nest in tjc....................... y so cruel xd. it is erm..... secret....
we are ex tjcians and we accidentally burnt the synthetic grass while cooking during our camp. true story. it is near the goal post see it to believe it
tjc, where i get scolded for being cheerful and laughing. shouted at by security guards for being carefree and positive. scrutinized for mot being a hobo obsessed with monochrome coloured shoelaces. put down for supporting my bff. where there are people who cyberbully...i  do not wanna live anymore.
tj is the only school that  does not make me feel awkward during pe
who else has not gone out with friends outside of sch b4 like this post cuz i feel so 4eva alone..admin: i am sure many people would be willing to be your friend!be you could leave details?
tjc is really useful. i can:.1) use facebook with tj wifi.2) enjoy aircon in classroom.3) charge my phone and laptop in class.4) use the classroom speaker system to listen to music.5) dance in class.6) basically do anything (if u  do not get caught)
i am secretly hoping my crush would go for the mass dance  scape thing coz i wanna dance with him and i heard there are couple dances ><
i want to eerience an rc at least once before i leave tjc...
so we're year ones. so we're so  stupid we  can not cross the road.my bff n i r gonna sneak out during lunch! u idiocy just watch!..road.my.index of /
many tjc tutors actually watch this page and we are constantly amused by many of the postings. ..from: amused tjc tutor
you should really grow some balls and use a photo that you actually own, or have permission to use. 
anyone has ever seen the dm eating? mind blown...admin: he has his own office?-__-
whoever has the weird guy from 24/12 in their pdp has a sad sad life lol
can i be ur valentine is so clich. to the super cute taekwondo black belt girl from 08/13...can i be ur punching bag instead 
just today there was a group of tjc students helping out at obs to set up game stalls for the foreign workers. there was this boy in the badminton stall thingy that was my eyecandy for the day.  did not get his name though ): so help me out, who is this handsome boy?
trolling people by stealing their food is so seriously fun
i have a crush on the squash captain. he is also the handsome guy whom finished first in the road run. can someone tell me his name plssss???
tjc - where i found joy and hope. where i felt that i was really to take on the world. i miss tj..i miss.1) our green uniform - hey, at least  it is unique and not translucent.2) wearing our ties on wed and singing the college anthem.3) running around on our school track in the evenings, trying to overtake the aunties/uncles as many times as possible while they stroll leisurely.4) rm 216 where so many memories of my class (or whatever was left after attendance taking) were created.5) lt 2 where my class wreaked havoc while trying to inspire our peers to be the same .6) the library where we went to hide and sleep when we skipped lectures (of course, we mug there too).7) the cafeteria - yes, we had a cafeteria with nice tables and chairs rather than boring  can noteens with long benches that other schools had (cheap thrill but still a source of pride). btw, is the fried fish bee hoon stall still selling yummy food?. sports com - where the ruggers hung out and trained. where we could watch others having pe classes. where we sat in the sun while mr goh takes attendance and scolds us. where we cheered with enthusiasm for our houses.9) lucky heights - are those annual runs still on?.10) kinetic garden - again, bragging rights. although the excitement died down quickly because the ball was always missing and we could never get the darn thing to work.11) area below lt 1 - massive place to hang around, do work, read the newspapers.12) 25th silver jubilee celebrations.13) our pe teachers - for the first time in my school life, i found myself full of respect for my pe teachers. yep, we got scolded a lot of certain teachers. but i never forget how they ran lucky heights with us, and encouraging us along the way. think about the number of times they have to do it each week given the number of classes we have. kudos to mr goh eng watt, ms michelle goh, ms naomi tan, ms tan and mrs lam..14) area behind audi block - how we escaped by climbing over the walls. only to find out that the school gates were opened at 12.30pm. barely an hour after we escaped with scratches, lots of sweat and fear of getting caught, yet thinking at least we can runaway from time wasting racial harmony activities.15) temasek titans - hats off to our titans..16) mass dance - i  do not like to dance and i cannot dance for nuts. but tjc mass dance was a different ball game and for a while, i loved to dance. after i left tjc, i never did dance again.17) many many more places, events, things...but most of all, my tjc life will not be as memorable, enriching and enjoyable if not for the then principal (mrs lim lai cheng), the teachers, my seniors (esp the ogls and ogas) and my friends. thanks to everyone of you. tjc rocks!
im not from tj, but while going back from h3 tutorial a few weeks back, my friend met a friend from tj. noticing a blue angry bird on his bag, i  demanded that he give it to me. to my surprise, he detached it, gave it to me and made me keep it, despite my efforts to give it back. tj dude, youre awesome 
i really seriously crushing on natalie lee yixin who is currently in yr 3 now... wish i could date her or had the courage to ask her out for valentines...
anyone knows who the stern-faced teacher who always walks along the level two left side corridor is? just want to say that he gives me an impression of being merciless. im wondering if he is really so.
just want to say tj is a lovely school. i am lucky that i did not choose other school.
tjc year 1 students that successfully appealed to poly, and then start to have 'heck care' attitude and start joke around. this looks quite fun though 
chemistry is lovely. anyone gal would wanna study chem together?
i propose that the  can noteen and gnc give student price and outsider price so that students get cheaper food
i miss the young teacher and his funky hairstyles from last year (
hi! im from mj and i like this girl from tj dance!  she's pretty, cute and sweet hahaha 
hey guy from beta house i think ur cute..admin: mm maybe u need to be more specific!
i wish the year 4 guys would look at the year 1 girls in a bgr way
i desperately hate my math teacher, go ..admin: sorry the above content has been censored as we deem it as inappropriate. but i do wonder who your teacher is...
i am so sadistic i laugh at my friend while she cries about her feel
 i like you so much rachel
soil bang.i am not from tj but great school(:
soil bang. tj students are so cool and smart. 
i like wenxi chua so so so much. i think about her the whole day  perhaps someday she will come to realise that i am actually better than her current bf.
teacher couples are so cool 
i confess that i go onto random school's confessions and post things. and needless to say i am not from tjc
what is the meaning of life?
i was scrolling down the page and saw the 'cute guy with long hair' post- i saw him in tj at the block beside the  can noteen/hall in last month and was always hoping i would see him again! definitely not a teacher!..admin: hmm, how long is long hair! do reply whoever you are so we can help out or something!
i am so bad at econs, i sometimes draw large graphs just to make my essay look longer.
donning a green uniform makes me feel so prouddddd!!!! ..admin: i am sure we all do 
there's a certain square faced authority of discipline that has a soft spot for girls for he lets the girls off for untucking their t-shirts but not the boys ):
my heart belongs to you only. regina lee i will wait for you.
the awkward moment when i look at these confessions and wonder if this is really the same tjc that i graduated from. 11/09 ftw~
the admins should stop commenting on almost every single post...admin: no comment!
started sleeping in class in tj. now in uni still  can not stay awake. zzz -08 batch
actually feels good when people think that og3 ogls are cute/ hot/ goodlooking!
og3 ftw! the people with whom i can be myself.
the feeling when your og misses being with each other once we got into our cgs! og3 is the bomb!
i like chengjun from 20/13 & he's really really cute & i love his hair i wanna touch it so bad!  hehehehhehe.
 did not get a gift from any tj girl during v day this year, probably cause they're just shy ..admin: lol
the toilet beside sc room whole day cleaning in progress one, end up have to go arts block there the toilet
i saw this cute guy with long hair in tjc a couple of times. he must be an alumni! who is he and which batch is he from???..admin: hmmm a couple of times?be he's a teacher,lol.
 i saw my friend, fb profile, (shes j2), and her slogan was smoking for a healthier lifestyle. could it be that she smokes? i  did not know...oh what a great friend i am
the pe hod is my ex-chinese teacher's husband, omg..-j3
3 of us, 2 j2s and 1 j3, were messing around with each other's phones sending funny messages to an econs teacher in charge of the project that we're on on a whatsapp chat, after a few messages he quit the group. not sure if he's was/still angry
 for 2012's orientation i was an ogl and i was lucky enough to have a chance to ask a female ogl whom i had a slight crush on for couple dance during the final day of orientation, o night, it may not have been possible if not for the confusion that day as most people couldn't find each other!..-beta ogl j3
cg bonding day,  it is gonna be awkward
repost: from the class of 2009 there were these 2 twins who were super hot! always see them around school playing tennis but i am not sure what cca are they from...the twins are guys! any leads?
hui from og14! i think i like you
alamelu priya..... be my valentine!..-love, your secret admirer.... xox..admin: how sweet!
not proud of it but i made out with several girls at the second level of the tj library. really good and quiet place for couples!..admin: from what you said, it  does not seem like it will be quiet.
the  can noteen so packed ahhhh! life is not fair for the us leh! no space to queue. go outside school also long queue. haiz why can they just eand he  can noteen aahhhh..admin: i think we all know why the  can noteen is so packed... just saying!
i think i like someone. but the problem is that he ain't good looking..admin: lol what a nice way to put it 
i find it extremely annoying that one of tj's toilet is almost always having cleaning in progress during break time, especially when i am running late!..admin: i am sure you peepos know which?
from the class of 2009 there were these 2 twins who were super hot! always see them around school playing tennis but i am not sure what cca are they from...admin: not sure if you meant ta or mainstream! if its ta do you mean melissa/melinna?
admin:we have received a rather....surprising confession, not sure if its true, but oh well:..i have smoked in the staff toilet before.
it has come to our attention that most of you do not know of the existence of our anonymous confession page!..check it out as above and submit your confession today!.follow us  (no s) on twitter! cheers tjcians ..docs.google.com.tjc confessions
tan see yuen is the cutest mushroom we ever knew. we love our cg rep~ -your very obvious friends-
to low st from og 08, i dunno how u feel bout me, but i like u since the day i saw u. so if u  do not have a bf, i would like to make a move on u and confess my feelings to u
mr sim, the head of pe dept is taking a masters degree in chinese lit...?
tj's go green day is quite a tradition now,  do not be surprised when some folks say they missed our previous/previouses/previousestest... ggd and saved all their newspapers up till a pile in their house waiting for the next ggd.
one third of tjc's tutors are actually ex-tj students. some of which are actually now colleagues with their ex-tutors...admin: inspiring
for almost the whole of 2012, the coffee shop opposite tj was under renovation. lucky j1s.
girls in netball have the highest probability of being attached... so why not me!..admin: hmmm.....
did you know that you can ask for an upsize on some dishes at tj  can noteen's japanese store?
and so we heard that at the dialogue, no attendance was taken 
chinese literature, is surprisingly one of the most well-performing subjects of tj.
tj fact: in 2012, tjc had a new principal, ms susan, as the former principal, mrs loke was promoted.
did you know?..in 2011, tj orientation was 2 weeks.
did you guys know that one of the owners of a store in the coffee shop opposite tjc was an ex-tjcian?..admin: look out for someone wearing tj uniform and serving then!
 these people are crazy..was my first thought when we entered the audi on the first day of orientation.
it is true that most guys learn their lesson on being on time after their first pe lesson, where they are made to run half a round around the track to meet mr goh...admin: to the new j1s, you may not know what we mean here, but you soon will! hehehehehe
enters tj, buys 4 sets of uniform, then realizing that polo tees can be worn on 4 of the days...admin: true story.
did you know that the house shirts ( for junior's info, its the delta beta gamma and alpha one) will stink if it gets sweat or water on it?..admin: yesyes
we have reached 200 likes! thank you tjcians, both former and current as well as everyone else for your continuing support!.for those who use twitter, do like our twitter page for the latest updates!.. (no s).thank you and we wish you a happy lunar new year!..twitter.com.tjconfessions  on twitter
it sucks to see that some pdps are so bonded while yours is not...admin: yes.
confession: there was once during math class at the com lab, 4 of us played big2, until the teacher saw the reflection from the glass cupboard at the back...admin: lol
to previous confessions:.if like that o level intake only left what? 100 slots? lol
hello tjcians and every other fan, thank you for your continuing support!.for those who use twitter, do like our twitter page for the latest updates!.. (no s).thank you and we wish you a happy lunar new year!..twitter.com.tjconfessions  on twitter
who knows, in 5 yrs time may have 12 years ip, start from pri 1. to all 2 yr olds, start preparing for your interview in 5 years time!
to tj girls: when you rate a guy's appearance in which would be the most and least important?.looks, body, height, how hairy they are...admin: lol nice options
people from delta hc who name starts with k are so pretty!!!..admin: i hope you're talking about girls
 do not know whether its awkward when you're late and staring at the entire cohort at assembly x.x
delta ogls so cute!..admin:  do not we all know 
those ppl that say xing ling from co not chio... sry to say u have bad taste for girls..admin:0.0
i dunno how u feel bout me, but i kinda like you..- a guy from melda clan
kelwin shooo cute!
everyone in og 5 is awesome and super solid!!  and our ogls are the sexiest of them all ..admin: how sweet!
those ppl that like co girls... ur taste of girls up there alrdy..admin: truetrue
girls wearing pe shirt so cute!!.-j1
gloria, you are really cute! .-admirer..admin: she is!
found it funny when i saw this girl mugging and refilling water at  can noteen at the same time..admin: lol
i confess that there is this co girl  would not so attractive, too bad she seemed to like someone else..admin: cheer up yea! many other fishes
tjco is just that awesome! all the girls in co are generally quite nice..admin: woo, anyone in particular?^^
walking along the long corridor between lt1 and 2 thn seeing someone you know, then turn to go down to go before going up.admin: lol
og 6 is awesome too!! even though not everyone is bonded together but let's admit it, we had fun together yea!
would like to take this opportunity to say how much i love ogay thirteen you guys are super awesome & orientation  would not be so complete without y'all..admin: awww so sweet!
fiona yeo. 17/12. best dancer. nicest to go on a date with during orientation...admin: ^^ hi fiona !
avoiding joining a queue with someone i know but not that well, when the  can noteen is quiet. to avoid an imminent awkward greeting...admin:  do not we all?
matchmaking for a friend when you like that person too is so.....admin: 
if i am late for class, i  will not run as i will pespire, i will walk then run the last few steps to make it seemed like i hurried...admin: wow teaching some techniques here?!?
guys who play instruments are so cool!!!
to the girl who always tucks in her polo tee and walks to school.........can i have your no.?..admin: any more info? i think gt more than one leh!
i think when guys like a girl they should just get her number from a friend and sms her first..admin: everyone diff la! do you have someone in mind?^^
to alumni last time policemen wear shorts ok...admin: hahaha
orientation used to be like.... 2 weeks!.-alumni
hate it when i go talk to a girl and she thinks i am weird!..admin: maybe she's just shy 
hey everyone! we have reached 100 likes, thank you for your continuing support!.do follow us on twitter.. ( no s! ).thank you for your support once again  !..mobile.twitter.com.tjconfessions  on twitter
sometimes i study in the  can noteen instead of the library, cos library looking at hottie too obvious!..admin: school for study one leh! haha!
missing couple dance of 2012!.-jc2..admin: some of us too!
to some sec 1s: the school not for playing catching!..admin: lolol
to tall and skinny ogl b from og13, i like your deep sexy voice  ..admin: wooo ^^ whose that ah!
sometimes i wonder if girls rate guys from 1-10..admin: whose guilty?!?
the swimmer who went for full body waxing is pretty damn hot..p.s. i am not in to you..admin: i am sure you  are not! heehee
k---- from delta hc sho cute!..admin:  do not we all know
sometimes when i pass by a classroom and see that it is empty, i go in calmly and sit at the teacher's table, acting like a boss...admin: careful of classes near go... or maybe... near to the room above go
climbing girls are as attractive as climbing guys!..admin: we agree
 it is so difficult to choose between pa and sports , advice please!..admin: why not sc or hc too?
why are there so many tj confession pages?..admin: we  are not sure about that, but as long as our peers are happy and entertained, we're happy too! follow us at . (without the s).^^..mobile.twitter.com.tjconfessions  on twitter
admins:.hi all, do not hesitate to message us for a confession! not to worry as your identity will be kept confidential..(the contents will not be edited unless the message contains vulgarities, is provocative or is aimed at inflicting harm at any individual, etc) in which case, the one making the confession will be informed of the changes first and he/she will decide whether or not to go ahead with us posting it..cheers!
thank you climbers for blasting your music all the time! it helped me to wake up (:..admins: we eerienced it before too!
the geog and history teachers in our school rox! thank you for all your patience and help in teaching us 
admin:..follow us on twitter!  (without the s!)..mobile.twitter.com.tjconfessions  on twitter
question to girls: when you reject guys for couple dance, is it because you  do not like them? or do they still stand a chance?
to cy, why  did not i end up in the same cg as you  i thought i had a chance during orientation last time
to bb: do you watch doraemon?
hi chy, if you ask me how many times you crossed my mind, i'd say once cuz you never really left...admin: how sweet! ahem
hi, vt, i think you're pretty..be mine?..admin: awww
i hid in the toilet at the sports complex to mug my new set of math notes during orientation og bonding in 2012!.-jc2..admin: thats.....sad
dark skinned hc guys r hot!
tsk, to the one who said there are no good looking guys, you very pretty meh!..admin: that escalated quickly
i'd like to confess that i think that there are no good looking guys in tj whatsoever haha..admin: buuuuuuurnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!
to the girl that starts with s........ valentines day is coming! if you're still single ( i hope), meet me at the stage this v day, i will be in green long pants!..admin: are you serious or are you trolling???
there's this guy from alpha house comm thats so cute... but  do not get a chance to talk to him much since i am delta!..admin: at least you're in the same pdp  are not you!
to the girl from cg 10/12 who was from my og, will you be my valentine???..admin: i think you need to be more specific
follow us on twitter!....  on twitter
og6 guy ogl so cuuuuteee x.x..admin:  do not we all know
shaun goh is hawt!..admin: looks like we got a fan here!
admin: c amon people!  do not only message us but like us as well!
i admit that if i forgot my tutorials i'd rush the first page of it during any break time i have, then staple it on top of my similar looking homework.
i used to like this person from dance for some time already, the sad thing was that i never had the chance to get close to the person ..admin: would you perhaps need help? haha!
i confess that i pretended to be making phone calls while walking in corridors and seeing someone im acquaintances with. my phone's screen is actually locked. but i did that so i could act like i was oblivious to the person then saying hi! in a seemingly surprised manner when i pass by the person...admin: true story
hate it when people( ahem) scream in the  can noteen when i used to study at..-alumni..admin: i feel for you
admins: keep em coming in!
to the girl that always takes bus 38 and sits at the back in the morning, can i know you?
performing arts guys r darn hot!
there's this cute girl from cg 8/12 >_^..-boy who was from your og
